erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Issue

Issue is an incoming query from your Customer, usually via email or
from the “Contact” section of your website. (To fully integrate the Support
Ticket to email, see the Email Settings section).

> Tip: A dedicated support Email Address is a good way to integrate incoming
queries via email. For example, you can send support queries to ERPNext at
support@erpnext.com and it will automatically create a Issue in the
Frappe system.



> Support > Issue > New Issue

<img class="screenshot" alt="Issue" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/support/issue.png">

#### Discussion Thread

When a new email is fetched from your mailbox, a new Issue record is
created and an automatic reply is sent to the sender indicating the Support
Ticket Number. The sender can send additional information to this email. All
subsequent emails containing this Issue number in the subject will be
added to this Issue thread. The sender can also add attachments to
the email.

Issue maintains all the emails which are sent back and forth against
this issue in the system so that you can track what transpired between the
sender and the person responding.

#### Status

When a new Issue is created, its status is “Open”, when it is
replied, its status becomes “Waiting for Reply”. If the sender replies back
its status again becomes “Open”.

#### Closing

You can either “Close” the Issue manually by clicking on “Close
Ticket” in the toolbar or if its status is “Waiting For Reply” . If the sender
does not reply in 7 days, then the Issue closes automatically.

#### Allocation

You can allocate the Issue by using the “Assign To” feature in the
left sidebar. This will add a new To Do to the user and also send a message
indicating that this Issue is allocated.

{next}

Commit message:

docs: SLA (#418)
* docs: SLA

* docs: reset sla

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* fix: rearrange gifs

* fix: gif fixes

* docs: add desc

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/issue.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Issue

Issue is an incoming query from your Customer, usually via email or
from the “Contact” section of your website. (To fully integrate the Support
Ticket to email, see the Email Settings section).

> Tip: A dedicated support Email Address is a good way to integrate incoming
queries via email. For example, you can send support queries to ERPNext at
support@erpnext.com and it will automatically create a Issue in the
Frappe system.



> Support > Issue > New Issue

<img class="screenshot" alt="Issue" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/support/issue.png">

#### Service Level Agreement

- If [Service Level Agreements](/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement) are enabled, you can track it in Issues.
- Every Issue will have a Time to Response and Time to Resolve within which you have to Respond and Resolve the Issue.
- You can change Priority in order to escalate the priority of the Issue. The priorities need to be specified in the Service Level Agreement.
- If by any chance you feel like resetting Service Level Agreement, you can do so by clicking on the 'Reset Service Level Agreement' button in Issues shown as follows:

<img class="screenshot" alt="Issue" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/support/iss.gif">

#### Discussion Thread

- When a new email is fetched from your mailbox, a new Issue record is
created and an automatic reply is sent to the sender indicating the Support
Ticket Number.
- The sender can send additional information to this email.
- All
subsequent emails containing this Issue number in the subject will be
added to this Issue thread.
- The sender can also add attachments to
the email.

Issue maintains all the emails which are sent back and forth against
this issue in the system so that you can track what transpired between the
sender and the person responding.

#### Status

- When a new Issue is created, its status is “Open”, when it is
replied, its status becomes “Waiting for Reply”.
- If the sender replies back
its status again becomes “Open”.

#### Closing

- You can either “Close” the Issue manually by clicking on “Close
Ticket” in the toolbar or if its status is “Waiting For Reply” .
- If the sender
does not reply in 7 days, then the Issue closes automatically.

#### Allocation

- You can allocate the Issue by using the “Assign To” feature in the
left sidebar. This will add a new To Do to the user and also send a message
indicating that this Issue is allocated.

{next}
