erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/maintenance-schedule.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Maintenance Schedule

All machines require regular maintenance, specially those that contain a lot
of moving parts, so if you are in the business of maintaining those or have
some of them in your own premises, this is a useful tool to plan a calendar of
activities for its maintenance.

If the Customer Issue refers to “Breakdown Maintenance”, this refers to
“Preventive Maintenance”.

To create a new Maintenance Schedule go to:

> Support > Maintenance Schedule > New Maintenance Schedule

<img class="screenshot" alt="Maintenance Schedule" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/support/maintenance-schedule.png">

In the Maintenance Schedule, there are two sections:

In the first section, you select the Items for which you want to generate the
schedule and set how frequently you want to plan a visit or a maintenance.
These can be optionally fetched from a Sales Order. After selecting the Items,
“Save” the record.

The second section contains the maintenance activities planned in the
schedule. “Generate Schedule” will generate a separate row for each
maintenance activity.

Each Item in a Maintenance Schedule is allocated to a Sales Person.

When the document is “Submitted” Calendar events are created in the User of
the Sales Person for each maintenance.

{next}

Commit message:

add features to support docs (#491)
* add features to support docs

* update pages

* updates

* update Issue page

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/support/maintenance-schedule.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Maintenance Schedule

**The Maintenance Schedule shows all upcoming Maintenance Visits.**

All machines require regular maintenance, especially those that contain a lot
of moving parts, so if you are in the business of maintaining those or have
some of them in your own premises, this is a useful tool to plan a calendar of
activities for its maintenance.

To create a new Maintenance Schedule go to:

> Home > Support > Maintenance > Maintenance Schedule

## 1. Prerequisites
* [Customer](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/customer)
* [Item](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item)

## 2. How to Create a Maintenance Schedule
1. Go to the Maintenance Schedule, click on New.
1. Select the Customer and the Items for which maintenance needs to be done.
1. Set the start and end dates.
1. Select a Periodicity to set how frequently the visits will happen. The options are "Weekly", "Monthly", "Quarterly", "Half Yearly", "Yearly" and "Random". Maintenance Schedule will get generated based on selected Periodicity. Selecting Random will generate random dates
1. The Number of Visits will be set as per the Periodicity selected. Eg: If you selected Weekly and set the whole month between the start and dates, 4 visits are ideal.
1. Select the Sales Person performing the visits.
1. Save.
1. After saving, click on the **Generate Schedule** button to generate a Maintenance Schedule.
1. Submit.

    <img class="screenshot" alt="Maintenance Schedule" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/support/maintenance-schedule-1.png">

The **Generate Schedule** button will generate a separate row for each maintenance activity. Each Item in a Maintenance Schedule is allocated to a Sales Person. 

When the document is Submitted Calendar events are created for the Sales Person User for each maintenance.

## 3. Related Topics
1. [Serial Number](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/serial-no)
1. [Warranty Claim](/docs/user/manual/en/support/warranty-claim)
1. [Maintenance Visit](/docs/user/manual/en/support/maintenance-visit)
