erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/setting-up-taxes.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Setting Up Taxes

One of the primary motivators for compulsory use of accounting tools is the
calculation of taxes. ERPNext allows you to make configurable tax templates that you can apply to your sales or
purchase transactions.

## Tax Accounts

For Tax Accounts that you want to use in the tax templates, go to **Home > Accounting > Masters and Accounts > Chart of Accounts**, select an account and click on edit. Select the 'Account Type' as 'Tax' for the account.

## Sales Taxes and Charges Template
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-taxes-and-charges-template) to know about this.

## Purchase Taxes and Charges Template
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-taxes-and-charges-template) to know about this.

## Item Tax Template
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/item-tax-template) to know about this.

## Tax Category
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/tax-category) to know about this.


<div>
  <div class="embed-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/a8Eh4zLIrkU?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>
  </div>
</div>

{next}

Commit message:

changes to basic setup, data import, definitions

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/setting-up-taxes.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Setting Up Taxes

**Taxes are compulsory contributions to the state/country revenue.**

One of the primary motivators for compulsory use of accounting tools is the
calculation of taxes. ERPNext allows you to make configurable tax templates that you can apply to your sales or
purchase transactions.

## 1. Tax Accounts

For Tax Accounts that you want to use in the tax templates, go to:
> Home > Accounting > Masters and Accounts > Chart of Accounts

Select an account and click on edit. Select the 'Account Type' as 'Tax' for the account.

## 2. Sales Taxes and Charges Template
Sales Taxes and Charges Template fetched taxes for your sales transactions like [Sales Order](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-order) and [Sales Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/sales-invoice).
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-taxes-and-charges-template) to know about this.

## 3. Purchase Taxes and Charges Template
Purchase Taxes and Charges Template fetched taxes for your sales transactions like [Purchase Order](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/purchase-order) and [Purchase Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/purchase-invoice).
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-taxes-and-charges-template) to know about this.

## 4. Item Tax Template
The tax set in Item Tax Template applies specifically to an [Item](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item) or an [Item Group](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item-group). It is given preference over the Sales/Purchase Tax Template.
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/item-tax-template) to know about this.

## 5. Tax Category
Tax category helps in automatically applying sales/purchase tax templates in your transactions based on the customer/supplier chosen.
[Click here](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/tax-category) to know about this.


<div>
  <div class="embed-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/a8Eh4zLIrkU?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>
  </div>
</div>

### 6. Related Topics
1. [Company Setup](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/company-setup)
