erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/loan-management/loan-disbursement.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Loan Disbursement
> Introduced in Version 13

**Once a Loan is sanctioned the loan amount is ready to be disbursed. For that a Loan disbursement entry is created.**

<img class="screenshot" alt="Make Loan Disbursement" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/loan-management/loan-disbursement-flow.png">

To access the Loan Disbursement list, go to:
> Home > Loan Management > Disbursement and Repayment > Loan Disbursement


<img class="screenshot" alt="Loan Disbursement" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/loan-management/loan-disbursement.png">

## 1. Prerequisites
Before creating a Loan Disbursement, you must create the following first:

* [Loan](/docs/user/manual/en/loan-management/loan)


## 2. How to Create a Loan Disbursement
1. Go to Loan Disbursement List, click on New.
2. Select Loan against which the loan amount is to be disbursed. The applicant type and applicant will be fetched from the loan.
3. Enter disbursement date.
4. Enter disbursement amount.
7. Click "Save" to save the draft of the Loan Disbursement.
8. Click "Submit" to submit the Loan Security Pledge.

### 2.1. Other ways to create a Loan Disbursement
1. You can also create a Loan Disbursement from a sanctioned Loan via the Create button on the top right

## 3. Features

{next}

Commit message:

docs: Add images to loan processes

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/loan-management/loan-disbursement.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Loan Disbursement
> Introduced in Version 13

**Once a Loan is sanctioned the loan amount is ready to be disbursed. For that a Loan disbursement entry is created.**

<img class="screenshot" alt="Make Loan Disbursement" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/loan-management/loan-disbursement-flow.png">

To access the Loan Disbursement list, go to:
> Home > Loan Management > Disbursement and Repayment > Loan Disbursement


<img class="screenshot" alt="Loan Disbursement" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/loan-management/loan-disbursement.png">

## 1. Prerequisites
Before creating a Loan Disbursement, you must create the following first:

* [Loan](/docs/user/manual/en/loan-management/loan)


## 2. How to Create a Loan Disbursement
1. Go to Loan Disbursement List, click on New.
2. Select Loan against which the loan amount is to be disbursed. The applicant type and applicant will be fetched from the loan.
3. Enter disbursement date.
4. Enter disbursement amount.
7. Click "Save" to save the draft of the Loan Disbursement.
8. Click "Submit" to submit the Loan Security Pledge.

### 2.1. Other ways to create a Loan Disbursement
1. You can also create a Loan Disbursement from a sanctioned Loan via the Create button on the top right

<img class="screenshot" alt="Create Loan Disbursement" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/loan-management/create-loan-disbursement.png">

## 3. Features

### 3.1 Multiple Disbursements against a Loan
Multiple Loan Disbursements can be made against a Loan unless you don't cross the sanctioned amount loan amount against a Loan.

### 3.2 Loan Topup
Loan Disbursement can also me made once some of the loan amount is repaid and adequate amount of security is still pledged against that loan. This is called as loan topup.

{next}
