erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-analytics.md, before:

# Sales Analytics Report

With the ability to see and analyze your sales data in different views, data is able to diagnose and analyze to better understand how sales are performing.  The data allows for filters to be altered dynamically with criteria selections through filters. There are three window areas that make up the Sales Analytics Report.  The Filter Toolbar Window, the Graph Window and the Data Window.  Please see the example below.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Analytics Sections" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-analytics-sections.png">

### The Filter Toolbar Window

The toolbar provides for filtering to select what data is to be used. Using the dropdown selections, data selections can be refined in a compounding fashion. As the selections are made, data is reflected in the data window as well as the graph window.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Analytics Filters" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-analytics-filters.png">

### Data Analytics and Charts

Within the data window, selections can be made to expand or compress the data to be analyzed.  At the left of the window, (blue), are selection boxes. Each box can be selected for use. There is no restriction for the data comparison, so a higher level can be compared to lower levels.  The data column to the right, (orange), contains selection boxes with + and minus selections. Selecting a + will expand the data and selecting a – will compress the data. As this is performed, the Graph Window is dynamically altered allowing rapid data analysis.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Analytics Result" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-analytics-result.png">

Within a few minutes, mastery of the sales data can be achieved. With sales analytics in hand, sales teams can be better supported. Please see the expanded view below to see the complete report.

Commit message:

Add hierarchy to ppages in CRM, Selling, Buying

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-analytics.md, after:

# Sales Analytics Reports

With the ability to see and analyze your sales data in different views, data is able to diagnose and analyze to better understand how sales are performing.  The data allows for filters to be altered dynamically with criteria selections through filters. There are three window areas that make up the Sales Analytics Report. The Filter Toolbar Window, the Graph Window and the Data Window.  Please see the example below.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Analytics Sections" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-analytics-sections.png">

These analytics can be found in **Selling > Analytics**.
### 1. The Filter Toolbar Window
Go to **Selling > Analytics > Sales Analytics**.
The toolbar provides for filtering to select what data is to be used. Using the dropdown selections, data selections can be refined in a compounding fashion. As the selections are made, data is reflected in the data window as well as the graph window.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Analytics Filters" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-analytics-filters.png">

### 2. Data Analytics and Charts

Within the data window, selections can be made to expand or compress the data to be analyzed.  At the left of the window, (blue), are selection boxes. Each box can be selected for use. There is no restriction for the data comparison, so a higher level can be compared to lower levels.  The data column to the right, (orange), contains selection boxes with + and minus selections. Selecting a + will expand the data and selecting a – will compress the data. As this is performed, the Graph Window is dynamically altered allowing rapid data analysis.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Analytics Result" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-analytics-result.png">

Within a few minutes, mastery of the sales data can be achieved. With sales analytics in hand, sales teams can be better supported. Please see the expanded view below to see the complete report.

### 3. Customer Acquisition and Loyalty Report
Go to **Selling > Analytics**.
To understand revenue, it often is helpful to look at the data from a new customer and existing customers standpoint. This report helps visualize customer loyalty.  There are two windows within this report: The Filter Window and the Data Window.

<img class="screenshot" alt="WIP report" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/acquisition-and-loyalty-1.png">

Accessing the Filter Window, the company and date ranges can be applied.  Data is updated in the Data Window as changes are applied.
  
Within the Data Window, columns of information are accessible. The label at the top of each column can be selected by hovering over the column heading and clicking. This will sort the data by this column in  an ascending or descending fashion. As well, the open data entry field immediately below the column can be used to further refine by filtering the data.  The following example demonstrates data that has been sorted in ascending order by total (orange) and has been filtered for the year 2018 (blue).

<img class="screenshot" alt="WIP report" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/acquisition-and-loyalty.png">

### 4. Sales Funnel Report
Go to **Selling > Analytics**.
The sales funnel report provides sales generation analysis.  This demonstrates the progression stages of the sales process.  There are four stages for leads to be generated into Sales Orders. These stages are: Active Leads/Customers, Opportunities, Quotations and Sales orders.

The report has two windows. The first window is the Date Selection Window. The second window is the Graph Window.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Funnel" src="/docs/assets/img/selling/sales-funnel-report.png">

Once a date range has been selected, the graph is updated, the graph reflects the changes and the associated with the associated labels.
You can also view Quotation Trends and Sales Order Trends via the Analytics section in the Selling module.
