erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-partner.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Sales Partner

**Sales Partners are people or companies that assist you in getting business.**

Sales Partners can be represented by different names in ERPNext. You can call them Channel Partner, Distributor, Dealer, Agent, Retailer, Implementation Partner, Reseller, etc.

For each Sales Partner, you can define a commission rate. When a Sales Partner is selected in transactions, their commission is calculated over Net Total of Sales Order/Invoice or Delivery Note.

You can track Sales Partner-wise commission in the 'Sales Partners Commission' report under Selling module.

To access Sales Partner, go to:
> Home >Selling > Sales Partners and Territory > Sales Partner

## 1. How to create a Sales Partner
1. Click on New.
2. Enter the Sales Partner name and the Commission Rate.
3. You can also select the type of sales partner you're creating to identify if they're a Reseller or Retailer, and so on.
4. Save.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner.png">

## 2. Features
### 2.1 Address and Contact
You can add and track a Sales Partner's addresses and contact details. These can be added in the address & contacts section in a Sales Partner:
<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Address" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-address.png">

### 2.2 Sales Partner Target
You can allocate a Sales Partner for each Item Group, based on Qty and Amount. You can allocate targets territory or month wise, to know more see *Related Topics*.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Target" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-target.png">

### 2.3 Including Sales Partners in Your Website
To include the name of your Partner on your website, check the "Show in
Website" box. When you click on "Show in Website", you will see a field where you can attach the logo of partner's company and enter a brief introduction of the partner, and optionally add a description for internal purposes/references.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-website.png">

To see the listing of partners, go to:

https://yourCompanyName.erpnext.com/partners

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/sales-partner-listing.png">

### 3. Related Topics
1. [Sales Person Target Allocation](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-person-target-allocation)

{next}

Commit message:

Docs for v12 enhancements and new reports (#433)
* docs: Production Plan Enhancements

* sales partner reports

* docs: Territory Target Variance Based On Item Group

* Update production-plan.md

* Update sales-partner.md

* Update territory.md

* fixed images

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-partner.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Sales Partner

**Sales Partners are people or companies that assist you in getting business.**

Sales Partners can be represented by different names in ERPNext. You can call them Channel Partner, Distributor, Dealer, Agent, Retailer, Implementation Partner, Reseller, etc.

For each Sales Partner, you can define a commission rate. When a Sales Partner is selected in transactions, their commission is calculated over Net Total of Sales Order/Invoice or Delivery Note.

To access Sales Partner, go to:
> Home > Selling > Sales Partner

## 1. How to Create a Sales Partner
1. Go to the Sales Partner list, click on New.
2. Enter the Sales Partner name and the Commission Rate.
3. You can also select the type of Sales Partner you're creating to identify if they're a Reseller or Retailer, and so on.
4. Save.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner.png">

## 2. Features
### 2.1 Address and Contact
You can add and track a Sales Partner's Addresses and Contact details. These can be added in the Address & Contacts section in a Sales Partner:

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Address" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-address.png">

### 2.2 Sales Partner Target
You can allocate a Sales Partner for each Item Group, based on Qty and Amount. You can allocate targets Territory- or Month-wise, to know more see *Related Topics*.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Target" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-target.png">

### 2.3 Including Sales Partners in Your Website
To include the name of your Partner on your website, tick the "Show in Website" checkbox. When you click on "Show in Website", you will see a field where you can attach the logo of your partner's company and enter a brief introduction of the partner, and optionally add a description for internal purposes/references.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-website.png">

To see the listing of partners, go to:

https://yourCompanyName.erpnext.com/partners

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/sales-partner-listing.png">

## 3. Sales Partner Reports
### 3.1 Sales Partner Commission Summary

To get Sales Order wise Sales Partner commission data.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Target" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-commission.png">

### 3.2 Sales Partner Transaction Summary
To get Sales Order item-wise Sales Partner commission data.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Target" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-commission-item.png">

### 3.3 Sales Partner Target Variance based on Item Group
This report will provide you variance between target and actual performance of the Sales Partner based on the Sales Order / Sales Invoice / Delivery Note data. User can view this report period wise like Monthly, Quarterly, Half-Yearly, or Yearly.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Partner Target" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/selling/sales-partner-target-variance.png">

## Related Topics
1. [Sales Person Target Allocation](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-person-target-allocation)

{next}
