erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/cost-center.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Cost Center

Your Chart of Accounts is mainly designed to provide reports to the government
and tax authorities. Most businesses have multiple activities like different
product lines, market segments, areas of business, etc that share some common
overheads. They should ideally have their own structure to report, whether they
are profitable or not. For this purpose, there is an alternate structure,
called the Chart of Cost Centers.

### 1. Cost Center tree

You can create a tree of Cost Centers to represent your business better. Each
Income / Expense entry is also tagged against a Cost Center.If allow cost center
in entry of balance sheet account is checked under Account Settings, system will 
allow user to tag entry in Balance Sheet Account against a Cost Center.

For example, if you have two types of sales:

  * Walk-in Sales
  * Online Sales

You may not have shipping expenses for your walk-in customers, and no shop-
rent for your online customers. If you want to get the profitability of each
of these separately, you should create the two as Cost Centers and mark all
sales as either "Walk-in" or "Online". Mark your all your purchases in the
same way.

Thus when you do your analysis you get a better understanding as to which side
of your business is doing better. Since ERPNext has an option to add multiple
Companies, you can create Cost Centers for each Company and manage it
separately.

### 2. How to setup Chart of Cost Centers
1. Go to: **Accounts > Budget and Cost Center > Chart of Cost Centers**.
1. Open your company node.
1. Add region wise nodes.
1. Add other nodes as per you needs.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Cost Center" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/chart-of-cost-center.png"> 

#### 3. Related Topics
1. [Budgeting](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/budgeting)
1. [Sales Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/sales-invoice)
1. [Purchase Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/purchase-invoice)
1. [Payments](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/payments)

Commit message:

add features to Accounting (#548)
* add features to accounts docs 1.1 to 1.3

* update sales and purchase invoice

* add features to 1.4 Taxes and credit/debit note

* add features upto deferred expense

* update subscription and shareholder

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/cost-center.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Cost Center

**A Cost Center is a department of an organization to which costs are charged.**

Your Chart of Accounts is mainly designed to provide reports to the government and tax authorities.

Most businesses have multiple activities like different product lines, market segments, areas of business, etc that share some common overheads. They should ideally have their own structure to report whether they
are profitable or not. For this purpose, there is an alternate structure called the Chart of Cost Centers.

A Cost Center acts like an [Accounting Dimension](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/accounting-dimensions) which helps you track costing based on particular areas.

The Cost Center can be set at these levels:

* Company
* Item
* Order/Invoice

## 1. Cost Center tree

You can create a tree of Cost Centers to represent your business better. Each
Income / Expense entry is also tagged against a Cost Center. If 'Allow Cost Center In Entry of Balance Sheet Account' is checked under Account Settings, the system will allow a User to tag entry in Balance Sheet Accounts against a Cost Center.

For example, if you have two types of sales:

 * Walk-in Sales
 * Online Sales

You may not have shipping expenses for your walk-in customers, and no shop-
rent for your online customers. If you want to get the profitability of each
of these separately, you should create the two as Cost Centers and mark all
sales with either "Walk-in" or "Online" Cost Center. Mark all your purchases in the
same way.

Thus when you do your analysis you get a better understanding as to which side
of your business is doing better. Since ERPNext has an option to add multiple
Companies, you can create Cost Centers for each Company and manage them
separately.

To access the Chart of Cost Centers, go to:
> Home > Accounts > Budget and Cost Center > Chart of Cost Centers

## 2. How to set up Chart of Cost Centers
1. Go to the Chart of Cost Centers.
1. Add region-wise nodes.
1. Add other nodes as per your needs.

Selecting a different Company will display the Cost Centers for that Company.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Cost Center" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/chart-of-cost-center.png"> 

### 3. Related Topics
1. [Budgeting](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/budgeting)
1. [Sales Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/sales-invoice)
1. [Purchase Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/purchase-invoice)
1. [Payments](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/payments)
