erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/debit-note.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
## Debit Note

A debit note is a document sent by a buyer to a seller, or in other words, a purchaser to a vendor while returning goods received on credit. This notifies that a debit has been made to their accounts.

A debit note is issued for the value of the goods returned. In some cases, sellers are seen sending debit notes which should be treated as just another invoice.

##### How to make debit note in ERPNext

The user can make a debit note against the purchase invoice or they can directly make debit note from the purchase invoice without reference
Goto module Accounts > Purchase Invoice > New > Manually enabled Is Return checkbox

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Invoice" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/debit-note.png">

Note: For debit note set the negative quantity while adding the item

#### Example
Debit note with payment entry in ERPNext

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Invoice" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/debit_note_example1.gif">

{next}

Commit message:

Add structure and steps to accounts module

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/debit-note.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
## Debit Note

A debit note is a document sent by a buyer to a seller. In other words, a purchaser to a vendor while returning goods received on credit. This notifies that a debit has been made to their accounts.

A debit note is issued for the value of the goods returned. In some cases, sellers are seen sending debit notes which should be treated as just another invoice.

### 1. How to make debit note in ERPNext

The user can make a debit note against the purchase invoice or they can directly make debit note from the purchase invoice without reference.

1. Go to **Accounts > Purchase Invoice > New > *tick the Is Return checkbox***.
1. Save and Submit.
1. Make Payment.
1. The other steps are similar to a [Purchase Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/purchase-invoice).

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Invoice" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/debit-note.png">

> Note: For debit note set the negative quantity while adding the item

### 2. Example
Debit note with payment entry in ERPNext

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Invoice" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/debit_note_example1.gif">

#### 3. Related Topics
1. [Payment Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/payment-entry)
1. [Payments](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/payments)
1. [Credit Note](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/creit-note)
