erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/fiscal-year.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Fiscal Year

A fiscal year is also known as a financial year or a budget year. It is used
for calculating financial statements in businesses and other organisations.
The fiscal year may or may not be the same as a calendar year. For tax
purposes, companies can choose to be calendar-year taxpayers or fiscal-year
taxpayers. In many jurisdictions, regulatory laws regarding accounting and
taxation require such reports once per twelve months. However, it is not
mandatory that the period should be a calendar year (that is, 1 January to 31
December).

A fiscal year usually starts at the beginning of a quarter, such as April 1,
July 1 or October 1. However, most companies' fiscal year also coincides with
the calendar year, which starts January 1. For the most part, it is simpler
and easier that way. For some organizations, there are advantages in starting
the fiscal year at a different time. For example, businesses that are seasonal
might start their fiscal year on July 1 or October 1. A business that has most
of its income in the fall and most of its expenses in the spring might also
choose to start its fiscal year on October 1. That way, they know what their
income will be for that year, and can adjust their expenses to maintain their
desired profit margins.

To set the Fiscal Year as default, click on the 'Default' button.

In case you have multiple companies sharing the same Fiscal Year, you can add
it into the grid as shown below.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Fiscal Year" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/fiscal-year.png">

{next}

Commit message:

Add structure and steps to accounts module

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/fiscal-year.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Fiscal Year

A fiscal year is also known as a financial year or a budget year. It is used
for calculating financial statements in businesses and other organizations.
The fiscal year may or may not be the same as a calendar year. For tax
purposes, companies can choose to be calendar-year taxpayers or fiscal-year
taxpayers. In many jurisdictions, regulatory laws regarding accounting and
taxation require such reports once per twelve months. However, it is not
mandatory that the period should be a calendar year (that is, 1 January to 31
December).

A fiscal year usually starts at the beginning of a quarter, such as April 1,
July 1 or October 1. However, most companies' fiscal year also coincides with
the calendar year, which starts January 1. For the most part, it is simpler
and easier that way. For some organizations, there are advantages in starting
the fiscal year at a different time. For example, businesses that are seasonal
might start their fiscal year on July 1 or October 1. A business that has most
of its income in the fall and most of its expenses in the spring might also
choose to start its fiscal year on October 1. That way, they know what their
income will be for that year, and can adjust their expenses to maintain their
desired profit margins.

### 1. How to setup Fiscal Year
1. Go to: **Accounts > Setup > Fiscal Year**.
1. To set the Fiscal Year as default, click on the 'Default' button.
1. In case you have multiple companies sharing the same Fiscal Year, you can add
it into the grid as shown below.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Fiscal Year" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/accounts/fiscal-year.png">

#### 2. Related Topics
1. [Finance Book](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/finance-book)
1. [Accounting Reports](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/accounting-reports)
1. [Budgeting](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/budgeting)
