erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/shareholder.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Shareholder

> Shareholder management is new in Version 11

ERPNext allows you to keep a track of all your Shareholders and maintain Share Transfers, Share Ledger and Share Balances.

A shareholder is any person, company or other institution that owns at least one share of a company’s stock. Because shareholders are a company's owners, they reap the benefits of the company's successes in the form of increased stock valuation. If the company does poorly, however, shareholders can lose money if the price of company stock declines.

A shareholder is uniquely identified by the Shareholder ID. Normally this ID is a naming series starting with 'ACC-SH-'. Also as soon as the Shareholder makes even a single transaction, a Folio number is allocated to him. This also is a unique to the Shareholder.

### 1. How to create a Shareholder
1. Go to: **Accounts > Share Management > Shareholder > New**.
1. Enter name of the Shareholder.
1. Enter contact details etc,.
1. Save.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Create Shareholder" src="/docs/assets/img/accounts/shareholder/shareholder_tonystark.png">

A Shareholder can avail the features (operations) in the [Share Transfer](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/share/share_transfer) process.

> Note: Shareholders are separate from Contacts and Addresses. A Shareholder can
have multiple Contacts and Addresses.

#### 1.2 Contacts and Addresses

[Contacts and Addresses](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/contact) in ERPNext are stored separately so that you can attach multiple Contacts or Addresses to Shareholders, Customers and Suppliers.

#### 2. Related Topics
1. [Share Transfer](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/share-transfer)
1. [Share Reports](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/share-reports)

Commit message:

add features to Accounting (#548)
* add features to accounts docs 1.1 to 1.3

* update sales and purchase invoice

* add features to 1.4 Taxes and credit/debit note

* add features upto deferred expense

* update subscription and shareholder

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/shareholder.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Shareholder

**A Shareholder is someone who owns shares of a Company.**

A Shareholder is any person, company or other institution that owns at least one share of a company’s stock. Because shareholders are a company's owners, they reap the benefits of the company's successes in the form of increased stock valuation. If the company does poorly, shareholders can lose money if the price of company stock declines.

Any profit or loss made by a Company belongs to the Shareholders and hence the Shareholders are a liability to the Company.

ERPNext allows you to keep a track of all your Shareholders and maintain Share Transfers, Share Ledger and Share Balances. A shareholder is uniquely identified by the Shareholder ID. Normally this ID is a [Naming Series](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/settings/naming-series) starting with 'ACC-SH-'. Also as soon as the Shareholder makes even a single transaction, a Folio number is allocated to him. This also is unique to the Shareholder.

To access the Shareholder list, go to:
> Home > Accounts > Share Management > Shareholder

## 1. How to create a Shareholder
1. Go to the Shareholder list and click on New.
1. Enter the name of the Shareholder.
1. Add Address and Contact details.
1. Save.

 <img class="screenshot" alt="Create Shareholder" src="/docs/assets/img/accounts/shareholder/shareholder.png">

A Shareholder can avail the features (operations) in the [Share Transfer](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/share/share_transfer) process. Only after shares are issued to them, a Folio Number and the shares will be visible.

### 1.1 Contacts and Addresses

[Contacts](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/contact) and [Addresses](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/address) in ERPNext are stored separately so that you can attach multiple Contacts or Addresses to Shareholders and other parties.

### 2. Related Topics
1. [Share Transfer](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/share-transfer)
1. [Share Reports](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/share-reports)
