erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/website/blog-post.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Blog Post

Blogs are a great way to share your thoughts about your business and keep your
customers and readers updated of what you are up to.

In the age of internet, writing assumes a lot of significance because when
people come to your website, they want to read about you and your product.

To create a new blog, go to:

> Website > Blog > Blog Post

![New Blog Post](/docs/assets/img/website/new-blog-post.png)

You can write your blog in Rich Text, Markdown or HTML. If you want to write
simple content pages, Rich Text and Markdown are great options. Learn how to
attach images to your blog [here](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-page#images).

> Learn markdown in a few minutes at [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

![Blog Post in Markdown](/docs/assets/img/website/blog-post-in-markdown.png)
*Blog Post in Markdown*

View your Blog Post by clicking on **See on Website** in the sidebar.
![Blog Post](/docs/assets/img/website/blog-post.png)
*Blog Post*

{next}

Commit message:

docs: Blogger and Blog Category

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/website/blog-post.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Blog Post

Blogs are a great way to share your thoughts about your business and keep your
customers and readers updated of what you are up to.

In the age of internet, writing assumes a lot of significance because when
people come to your website, they want to read about you and your product.

To create a new blog, go to:

> Website > Blog > Blog Post

![New Blog Post](/docs/assets/img/website/new-blog-post.png)

You can write your blog in Rich Text, Markdown or HTML. If you want to write
simple content pages, Rich Text and Markdown are great options. Learn how to
attach images to your blog [here](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-page#images).

> Learn markdown in a few minutes at [Mastering Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

![Blog Post in Markdown](/docs/assets/img/website/blog-post-in-markdown.png)
*Blog Post in Markdown*

View your Blog Post by clicking on **See on Website** in the sidebar.
![Blog Post](/docs/assets/img/website/blog-post.png)
*Blog Post*

## Blogger

Blogger is a user who can post blogs. To create a Blogger, go to:

> Website > Blog > Blogger

You can mention a short bio about the blogger and also set an avatar here.

![Blogger](/docs/assets/img/website/blogger.png)
*Blogger*

The preview will be shown at the end of the blog post.
![Blogger Preview](/docs/assets/img/website/blogger-preview.png)
*Blogger Preview*

## Blog Category

You can group your blogs into categories. To create a new Blog Category, go to:

> Website > Blog > Blog Category

![Blog Category](/docs/assets/img/website/blog-category.png)
*Blog Category*

If you click on **See on Website** in the sidebar, you'll be redirected to a
list of blogs under that category.

![Blog Category - General](/docs/assets/img/website/blog-category-web-view.png)
*Blog Category - General*

{next}
