erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/website/index.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Website

Websites are a core component of any business and having a good website
usually means running into obstacles like investing lot of money, difficulty to update, and not being interactive.
Unless you are a web designer yourself, wouldn't it be nice if there was a way to update your product catalog on your site automatically from your ERP?
We thought exactly the same and hence built a small Website Development app
right inside ERPNext! Using ERPNext’s Website module, you can:

  1. Create Web Pages
  2. Write a Blog
  3. Publish your Product Catalog using the Item master

We will soon be adding a shopping cart facility so that your customers can
place orders and pay you online!

Though not necessary, to make a good website, you might have to know a bit of
HTML / CSS or hire the services of a professional. The good part is that once
this is setup, you can add and edit content, blogs and products directly from
your ERP.
 
You can check out **[this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyW6mfFBSNw)** for a demonstration of the Website module in ERPNext.

## 1. Topics

1. [Web Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-page)
1. [Blog Post](/docs/user/manual/en/website/blog-post)
1. [Web Form](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-form)
1. [Blogger](/docs/user/manual/en/website/blogger)
1. [Setup](/docs/user/manual/en/website/setup)
1. [Add Products To Website](/docs/user/manual/en/website/add-products-to-website)
1. [Shopping Cart](/docs/user/manual/en/website/shopping-cart)
1. [Social Login Keys](/docs/user/manual/en/website/social-login-keys)
1. [Website Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-settings)

## 2. Articles

1. [Disable Signup](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/disable-signup)
1. [Website Security](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/website-security)
1. [Website Home Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/website-home-page)
1. [Website Banner](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/website-banner)

## 3. Videos
1. [Publish Items on Website](/docs/user/videos/learn/publish-items-on-website.html)
1. [Shopping Cart](/docs/user/videos/learn/shopping-cart.html)

Commit message:

Website docs (#355)
- Homepage
- Web Page
- Blog Post
- Web Form
- Website Settings
- Product Page
- Product Listing
- Website Theme
- Shopping Cart

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/website/index.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Website

Websites are a core component of any business. Having a good website usually
means running into obstacles like investing a lot of money, difficult to update,
and it not being interactive.

If you're not a web designer yourself, wouldn't it be nice if there was a way to
update the product catalog on your site automatically from your ERP? We thought
exactly the same thing and hence built a small Website module right inside
ERPNext! Using this module, you can:

- Create Web Pages
- Write Blogs
- Publish your Product Catalog using the Item master
- Allow users to buy your products using the Shopping Cart

Though not necessary, to make a good website, you might have to know a bit of
HTML/CSS or hire the services of a professional. The good part is that once this
is set up, you can add and edit content, blogs, and products directly from your
ERPNext account.

You can check out [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyW6mfFBSNw)
for a demonstration of the Website module in ERPNext.

## 1. Topics

1. [Homepage](/docs/user/manual/en/website/homepage)
1. [Web Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-page)
1. [Blog Post](/docs/user/manual/en/website/blog-post)
1. [Web Form](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-form)
1. [Website Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-settings)
1. [Website Theme](/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-theme)
1. [Product Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/product-page)
1. [Product Listing](/docs/user/manual/en/website/product-listing)
1. [Shopping Cart](/docs/user/manual/en/website/shopping-cart)

## 2. Articles

1. [Social Login Keys](/docs/user/manual/en/website/social-login-keys)
1. [Disable Signup](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/disable-signup)
1. [Website Security](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/website-security)
1. [Website Home Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/website-home-page)
1. [Website Banner](/docs/user/manual/en/website/articles/website-banner)

## 3. Videos
1. [Website Module Webinar](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lyW6mfFBSNw)
1. [Publish Items on Website](/docs/user/videos/learn/publish-items-on-website)
1. [Shopping Cart](/docs/user/videos/learn/shopping-cart)
