erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-settings.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Website Settings

Website related settings like landing page and website wide theme can be
configured here.

To access Website Settings, go to:
> Home > Website > Setup > Website Settings

## 1. Landing Page

Configure the default landing page of your website by setting the **Home Page**
field to the route of that page. You can put any route here including standard
routes like `home`, `about`, `contact`, `login`, `all-products`, and `blog`.

You can also set a [Web Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-page) as the
landing page.

If you want to use the ERPNext [Homepage](/docs/user/manual/en/website/homepage),
you must set it as `home`.

![Website Settings - Landing Page](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-landing-page.png)
*Website Settings - Landing Page*

You can also set the **Title Prefix** here. It will be appended to the browser title
on every page. You can put your company name here.

## 2. Website Theme

Create a personalized theme for your Website and set it here. Learn more about
configuring Website Theme [here](/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-theme).

## 3. Brand

### 3.1 Brand Logo

You can set the brand logo for your website in this section. Upload the Brand
Image first and then click on "Set Banner from Image" button. It will generate a
Banner HTML with your uploaded logo.

![Website Settings - Banner Image](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-banner-image.png)
*Website Settings - Banner Image*

### 3.2 Favicon

You can also set the favicon of your website in this section. It appears on the
left side of the browser tab.

![Website Settings - Favicon](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-favicon.png)
*Website Settings - Favicon*

View your website by clicking on **View Website** in the action bar on top right.

![Website with Brand and Favicon](/docs/assets/img/website/website-brand-and-favicon.png)
*Website with Brand and Favicon*

## 4. Top Bar

You can customize the menu items in the navbar of your website from the **Top Bar**
section.

![Website Setting - Top Bar](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-top-bar.png)
*Website Setting - Top Bar*

![Website Navbar Items](/docs/assets/img/website/website-navbar-items.png)
*Website Navbar Items*

## 5. Banner

You can add a persistent banner to your website which will be shown above the
navbar on all web pages. You can write any valid Bootstrap 4 markup here.

![Website Settings - Banner](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-banner.png)
*Website Settings - Banner*

![Website Banner](/docs/assets/img/website/website-banner.png)
*Website Banner*

## 6. Footer

You can add address information and categorized links to your footer in the
**Footer** section.

![Website Settings - Footer Address](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-footer-address.png)
*Website Settings - Footer Address*

![Website Settings - Footer Links](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-footer-links.png)
*Website Settings - Footer Links*

![Website Footer](/docs/assets/img/website/website-footer.png)
*Website Footer*

## 7. Integrations

You can enable Google Analytics on your website. Just get your [Google Analytics
ID](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1008080?hl=en) from your Google
Console and set it here.

![Google Analytics Integration](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-integrations.png)
*Google Analytics Integration*

## 8. HTML Header

You can use this section to set meta tags across all of your web pages. A common
use case is to add Google site verification tags.

![Website Settings - Header](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-header.png)
*Website Settings - Header*

## 9. Robots

You can define `robots.txt` rules in this section. This information is used by
web crawlers to decide which pages to index and which to skip.

![Website Settings - Robots](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-robots-txt.png)
*Website Settings - Robots*

> Learn more about `robots.txt` at [Moz - Robots.txt](https://moz.com/learn/seo/robotstxt)

## 10. Redirects

You can define a mapping of route redirects here. The mappings in the following
screenshot makes sure that if a user visits `https://apple.erpnext.com/iphone`,
he will be redirected to `https://apple.erpnext.com/products/iphone`.

ERPNext will raise a `301 Permanent Redirect` response for these routes.

![Website Settings - Routes Redirects](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-route-redirects.png)
*Website Settings - Routes Redirects*

> If you are migrating your existing website to ERPNext based website,
> you can map your old routes to new ones here and these redirects will be
> picked up by Google and will help you maintain your SEO rankings.

## 11. Chat

You can enable website visitor chat on your website in the Chat section. The
chat widget will be shown between **From** time and **To** time. You can also
set **Chat Operators** (Users) who will get notified when a visitor sends a
message.

> Chat is an experimental feature.

{next}

Commit message:

docs: add API Indexing Integrations (#703)
* docs: add API Indexing Integrations

* Apply suggestions from code review

Co-authored-by: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-settings.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Website Settings

Website related settings like landing page and website wide theme can be
configured here.

To access Website Settings, go to:
> Home > Website > Setup > Website Settings

## 1. Landing Page

Configure the default landing page of your website by setting the **Home Page**
field to the route of that page. You can put any route here including standard
routes like `home`, `about`, `contact`, `login`, `all-products`, and `blog`.

You can also set a [Web Page](/docs/user/manual/en/website/web-page) as the
landing page.

If you want to use the ERPNext [Homepage](/docs/user/manual/en/website/homepage),
you must set it as `home`.

![Website Settings - Landing Page](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-landing-page.png)
*Website Settings - Landing Page*

You can also set the **Title Prefix** here. It will be appended to the browser title
on every page. You can put your company name here.

## 2. Website Theme

Create a personalized theme for your Website and set it here. Learn more about
configuring Website Theme [here](/docs/user/manual/en/website/website-theme).

## 3. Brand

### 3.1 Brand Logo

You can set the brand logo for your website in this section. Upload the Brand
Image first and then click on "Set Banner from Image" button. It will generate a
Banner HTML with your uploaded logo.

![Website Settings - Banner Image](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-banner-image.png)
*Website Settings - Banner Image*

### 3.2 Favicon

You can also set the favicon of your website in this section. It appears on the
left side of the browser tab.

![Website Settings - Favicon](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-favicon.png)
*Website Settings - Favicon*

View your website by clicking on **View Website** in the action bar on top right.

![Website with Brand and Favicon](/docs/assets/img/website/website-brand-and-favicon.png)
*Website with Brand and Favicon*

## 4. Top Bar

You can customize the menu items in the navbar of your website from the **Top Bar**
section.

![Website Setting - Top Bar](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-top-bar.png)
*Website Setting - Top Bar*

![Website Navbar Items](/docs/assets/img/website/website-navbar-items.png)
*Website Navbar Items*

## 5. Banner

You can add a persistent banner to your website which will be shown above the
navbar on all web pages. You can write any valid Bootstrap 4 markup here.

![Website Settings - Banner](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-banner.png)
*Website Settings - Banner*

![Website Banner](/docs/assets/img/website/website-banner.png)
*Website Banner*

## 6. Footer

You can add address information and categorized links to your footer in the
**Footer** section.

![Website Settings - Footer Address](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-footer-address.png)
*Website Settings - Footer Address*

![Website Settings - Footer Links](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-footer-links.png)
*Website Settings - Footer Links*

![Website Footer](/docs/assets/img/website/website-footer.png)
*Website Footer*

## 7. Integrations

### 7.1 Google Indexing

#### How to set up automated Google Indexing

In order to allow ERPNext to request Google crawlers to index a web page, you need to authorize ERPNext to send a request whenever the user requests the data. Google Drive Integration is set up with the following steps:

- Create OAuth 2.0 Credentials via [Google Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/erpnext_integration/google_settings)

- Enable indexing in the Website Settings

- Now click on **Authorize API Indexing Access** to authorize ERPNext to send a publish request.

- Once Authorized, an indexing request is automatically sent on creation/update/trash of any new blog post or web pages created via the user.

![Website Integration](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-integrations.png)
*Website Integration*

### 7.2 Google Analytics

You can enable Google Analytics on your website. Just get your [Google Analytics
ID](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/1008080?hl=en) from your Google
Console and set it here.

## 8. HTML Header

You can use this section to set meta tags across all of your web pages. A common
use case is to add Google site verification tags.

![Website Settings - Header](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-header.png)
*Website Settings - Header*

## 9. Robots

You can define `robots.txt` rules in this section. This information is used by
web crawlers to decide which pages to index and which to skip.

![Website Settings - Robots](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-robots-txt.png)
*Website Settings - Robots*

> Learn more about `robots.txt` at [Moz - Robots.txt](https://moz.com/learn/seo/robotstxt)

## 10. Redirects

You can define a mapping of route redirects here. The mappings in the following
screenshot makes sure that if a user visits `https://apple.erpnext.com/iphone`,
he will be redirected to `https://apple.erpnext.com/products/iphone`.

ERPNext will raise a `301 Permanent Redirect` response for these routes.

![Website Settings - Routes Redirects](/docs/assets/img/website/website-settings-route-redirects.png)
*Website Settings - Routes Redirects*

> If you are migrating your existing website to ERPNext based website,
> you can map your old routes to new ones here and these redirects will be
> picked up by Google and will help you maintain your SEO rankings.

## 11. Chat

You can enable website visitor chat on your website in the Chat section. The
chat widget will be shown between **From** time and **To** time. You can also
set **Chat Operators** (Users) who will get notified when a visitor sends a
message.

> Chat is an experimental feature.

{next}
