erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/projects/contents.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Projects

A services business, which doesn't have a tangible product to showcase their value needs to get many things right in order to stay afloat and grow in the industry. ERPNext helps services company effectively manage business aspects like projects management, customer support, sales, and purchase management to list a few. You can look at the following topics after going through this [introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/introduction).


## 1. Topics
### 1.1 Project Management
1. [Project](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project)
1. [Tasks](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/tasks)
1. [Project Template](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-template)

### 1.2 Time Tracking
1. [Timesheet Introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timesheet-intro/)
1. [Salary Slip From Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/salary-slip-from-timesheet)
1. [Sales Invoice From Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/sales-invoice-from-timesheet)
1. [Timesheet Against Work Order](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timesheet-against-work-order)
1. [Timer In Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timer-in-timesheet)
1. [Timesheet Against Project](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timesheet-against-project)
1. [Activity Type](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/activity-type)
1. [Activity Cost](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/activity-cost)

### 1.3 Reports
1. [Billing Summary Reports](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/reports/billing_summary_reports)

## 2. Articles
1. [Project Costing](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/articles/project-costing)
1. [Project Profitability](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-profitability)
1. [Project Expense Claims](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-expense-claims)
1. [Project Customer Portal](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-customer-portal)
1. [Make a Colorful Gantt Chart](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/articles/make-a-colorful-gantt-chart)

## 3. Videos
1. [Project Management](/docs/user/videos/learn/project-and-task.html)

Commit message:

add features to projects (#561)
* add features to projects

* update project costing

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/projects/contents.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Projects

Any business, wherein the deliverables can not be defined tangibly, in order to showcase their value needs to get many things right in order to stay afloat and grow in the industry. ERPNext helps any company effectively manage business aspects like projects management, customer support, sales, and purchase management to list a few. You can look at the following topics after going through this [introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/introduction).


## 1. Topics
### 1.1. Project Management
1. [Project](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project)
1. [Tasks](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/tasks)
1. [Project Template](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-template)
1. [Project Type](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-type)
1. [Project Update](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-update)

### 1.2. Time Tracking
1. [Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timesheets/)
1. [Sales Invoice From Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/sales-invoice-from-timesheet)
1. [Salary Slip From Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/salary-slip-from-timesheet)
<!-- 1. [Timesheet Against Work Order](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timesheet-against-work-order) -->
1. [Timer In Timesheet](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timer-in-timesheet)
<!-- 1. [Timesheet Against Project](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/timesheet-against-project) -->
1. [Activity Type](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/activity-type)
1. [Activity Cost](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/activity-cost)

### 1.3. Reports
1. [Project Reports](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-reports)

## 2. Articles
1. [Project Costing](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-costing)
1. [Project Profitability](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-profitability)
1. [Project Expense Claims](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-expense-claims)
1. [Project Customer Portal](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/project-customer-portal)
1. [Make a Colorful Gantt Chart](/docs/user/manual/en/projects/articles/make-a-colorful-gantt-chart)

## 3. Videos
1. [Project Management](/docs/user/videos/learn/project-and-task.html)
