erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Additional Salary

**Additional Salary is something that an Employee receives from the company they work for, other than their usual pay.**


ERPNext offers you a feature called Additional Salary to add or deduct adhoc salary for a particular Employee while processing the Payroll. Some examples of Additional Salary could be Performance Bonus, Deputation Allowance, Arrears, Incentives or other adjustments. 

To access Additional Salary, go to:

> Home > Human Resources > Payroll > Additional Salary 

## 1. How to create an Additional Salary

To create a new Additional Salary:

1. Go to: Additional Salary > New.
2. Select Employee.
3. Select Salary Component (if not already created, create a new one).
1. Enter the Amount.
1. Select Payroll Date.
1. Save and Submit.

Select the 'Overwrite Salary Structure Amount' checkbox to overwrite the Additional Salary component on the Salary Structure amount. Addtionally, the 'Deduct Full Tax on Selected Payroll Date' checkbox can be selected if full tax needs to be deducted on the Additional Salary component for that particular payroll date.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Additional Salary" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/additional-salary.png">



## 2. Related Topics

1. [Retention Bonus](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/retention-bonus)
1. [Employee Incentive](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-incentive)
1. [Salary Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure)
1. [Salary Structure Assignment](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure-assignment)
1. [Payroll Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-entry)
1. [Payroll Period](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-period)


{next}

Commit message:

feat(docs): Recurring Additional Salary (#656)
* feat(docs): Recurring Additional Salary

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

* Update erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary.md

Co-Authored-By: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

Co-authored-by: Prasad Ramesh <progressive.prasad@gmail.com>

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Additional Salary

**Additional Salary is something that an Employee receives from the company they work for, other than their usual pay.**


ERPNext offers you a feature called Additional Salary to add or deduct adhoc salary for a particular Employee while processing the Payroll. Some examples of Additional Salary could be Performance Bonus, Deputation Allowance, Arrears, Incentives or other adjustments.

To access Additional Salary, go to:

> Home > Human Resources > Payroll > Additional Salary

## 1. Prerequisites

Before creating a Additional Salary, it is advisable to create the following:

* [Employee](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee)
* [Salary Component](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-component)


## 2. How to create an Additional Salary


1. Go to Additional Salary list, click on New.
2. Select Employee.
3. Select Salary Component.
4. Enter the Amount.
1. Enter the Payroll Date. If Payroll Date for Additional Salary is in the interval when the salary is processed, it will be added to the earnings/deduction.
1. Save and Submit.

Select the 'Overwrite Salary Structure Amount' checkbox to overwrite the Additional Salary component on the Salary Structure amount. Addtionally, the 'Deduct Full Tax on Selected Payroll Date' checkbox can be selected if full tax needs to be deducted on the Additional Salary component for that particular payroll date.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Additional Salary" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/additional-salary.png">

## 3.Features

### 3.1 Recurring Additional Salary
This feature allows users to create an Additional Salary for a fixed interval.
When 'Is Recurring' is checked you need to fill 'To Date' and 'From Date'. 
This will add or deduct the the additional salary amount for this employee within the selected date range and it will be reflected in the Salary Slip for the employee. The Additional Salary will be repeated every month between 'From Date' and 'To Date' interval.

## 4. Related Topics

1. [Retention Bonus](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/retention-bonus)
1. [Employee Incentive](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-incentive)
1. [Salary Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure)
1. [Salary Structure Assignment](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure-assignment)
1. [Payroll Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-entry)
1. [Payroll Period](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-period)


{next}
