erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/daily-work-summary-group.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Daily Work Summary Group
In order to facilitate daily reporting of employees, you can configure ERPNext to request employees to send their work summary through email. To configure a new Daily Work Summary Group go to

> Human Resources > Setup > Daily Work Summary Group

You can set multiple groups with different set of _users_ from your user list with different _time to send emails_ and with separate _holiday list_ for each.

You can also choose to customize the _Message_ you send to users.

**Note:**
>1. If no holiday list is selected then the email will be sent every day.
>2. Name of a "Daily Work Summary Group" will be sent as the title for daily summary email.
>3. Mail will not be sent to the users of a disabled Daily Work Summary Group.
via HR module or search bar and set the users for whom you want to send the reminder.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Daily Work Summary Group" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/daily-work-summary-group.png">

{next}

Commit message:

add features to HRdocs (#567)
* docs: Docs for accounting dimension

* docs: add features to pages in buying module

* docs: Multiple changes in docs

* docs: Energy Point System (#356)

* docs: Energy Point System

* doc: Improve EPS docs

* docs: update EPS docs

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Update images

* perf: Compress images

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Fix capitalization

* docs: updates to some buying module pages (#375)

* docs: add next button to pages in buying and selling

* changes to pages in buying module

* docs: Stock reconciliation for serialized/batch items (#381)

* updating HR documentation

* Updated the files according to the new format in the HR module

* udpated changes in HR docs

* feat: hr docs

* feat: docs for employee tax exemption declaration and submission

* update employee master, type

* docs: Employee Attendance Tool

* docs: Attendance Request

* docs: Upload Attendance

* docs: HR Module (Employee and Attendance)

* misc updates

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/daily-work-summary-group.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Daily Work Summary Group

**In order to facilitate daily reporting of employees, you can configure ERPNext to request employees to send their work summaries through email. Daily Work Summary is an automated way of getting the daily work reporting of employees in an organization.**

To configure a new Daily Work Summary Group, go to:

> Human Resources > Settings > Daily Work Summary Group

You can set multiple groups with different set of 'Users' from your user list with different 'Send Emails At' time and with separate 'Holiday List' for each. 

You can also choose to customize the 'Message' you send to users.

## 1. Prerequisites
    
Before creating a Daily Work Summary Group, it is necessary you create the following:

* [Email Account](/docs/user/videos/learn/email-account)

## 2. How to create a Daily Work Summary Group

1. Go to: Daily Work Summary Group > New.
1. Enter the name of the Daily Work Summary Group.
1. Enter the User's names in the 'Users' table.
1. Set the 'Send Emails At' time. This is the time the Daily Work Summary email will be sent.
1. Select Holiday List (optional). On these days, the Daily Work Summary email won't be sent.
1. In the Reminder section, enter the mail Subject and type in the Message.
1. Save. 

>**Note:**

>1. If no Holiday List is selected, then the email will be sent every day.
>2. Name of the "Daily Work Summary Group" will be sent as the title for daily summary email.
>3. Mail will not be sent to the users of a disabled Daily Work Summary Group.


<img class="screenshot" alt="Daily Work Summary Group" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/daily-work-summary-group.png">

{next}
