erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-tax-exemption-proof-submission.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission
Employees are required to submit proofs for all the spendings they claim tax exemption for. This is usually done at the end of a Payroll Period, but employees can submit any number of proofs unlike Employee Tax Exemption Declaration.

To create a new Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission, go to

> Human resources > Payroll > Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission > New Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission

<img class="screenshot" alt="Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission"
	src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-tax-exemption-proof-submission.png">

The _Total Exemption Amount_ will be exempted from annual taxable earnings of the employee while calculating the tax deductions in the last payroll.

> Note: Even if employees submit exemption proofs anytime during the payroll period, ERPNext will only consider this in the last payroll of the Payroll Period for adjusting the final taxes based on the proof submitted. If you need to adjust any additional tax collected or consider proof submission of employees anytime before the last payroll, while processing Payroll Entry (or in the Salary Slip of the employee) check the _Deduct Tax For Unsubmitted Tax Exemption Proof_ option.

### Regional - India
For the current fiscal year, in India, House Rent Allowance (HRA) exemption from taxable earnings is the minimum of:

* The actual amount allotted by the employer as the HRA.
* Actual rent paid less 10% of the basic salary.
* 50% of the basic salary, if the employee is staying in a metro city (40% for a non-metro city).

As part of the Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission, employees shall also submit proof for HRA Exemption. ERPNext will calculate the exemption eligible for HRA and exempt it while calculating the taxable earnings in the last payroll of the Payroll Period.

> Note: HRA component shall be configured in Company for HRA exemption to work

{next}

Commit message:

add features to HRdocs (#567)
* docs: Docs for accounting dimension

* docs: add features to pages in buying module

* docs: Multiple changes in docs

* docs: Energy Point System (#356)

* docs: Energy Point System

* doc: Improve EPS docs

* docs: update EPS docs

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Update images

* perf: Compress images

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Fix capitalization

* docs: updates to some buying module pages (#375)

* docs: add next button to pages in buying and selling

* changes to pages in buying module

* docs: Stock reconciliation for serialized/batch items (#381)

* updating HR documentation

* Updated the files according to the new format in the HR module

* udpated changes in HR docs

* feat: hr docs

* feat: docs for employee tax exemption declaration and submission

* update employee master, type

* docs: Employee Attendance Tool

* docs: Attendance Request

* docs: Upload Attendance

* docs: HR Module (Employee and Attendance)

* misc updates

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-tax-exemption-proof-submission.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission

**Employees are required to submit proofs for all the spendings they claim tax exemption for. This can be done through the Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission document**

 This is usually done at the end of a Payroll Period, but employees can submit any number of proofs unlike Employee Tax Exemption Declaration.

> **Note:** Create an Employee Tax Exemption Declaration before creating an Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission 

To access Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission, go to:

> Home > Human resources > Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission

## 1. How to create an Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission

The details are already fetched if you click on 'Submit Proof' from [Employee Tax Exemption Declaration](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-tax-exemption-declaration). However, if you want to create a 'Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission' manually, follow these steps.

1. Go to the Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission list, click on New.
1. Enter the details as needed.
1. Additionally, enter the 'Type of Proof' (documents, receipts, etc.).
1. Attach the proofs in by clicking on the **Attach** button at the bottom.
1. Enter House Rent Payment Amount, Rented From Date and Rented To Date.
1. Save and Submit.

    <img class="screenshot" alt="Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-tax-exemption-proof-submission.png">

 

The _Total Exemption Amount_ will be exempted from annual taxable earnings of the employee while calculating the tax deductions in the last payroll.

> Note: Even if employees submit exemption proofs anytime during the payroll period, ERPNext will only consider this in the last payroll of the Payroll Period for adjusting the final taxes based on the proof submitted. If you need to adjust any additional tax collected or consider proof submission of employees anytime before the last payroll, while processing Payroll Entry (or in the Salary Slip of the employee) check the _Deduct Tax For Unsubmitted Tax Exemption Proof_ option.

### Regional - India
For the current fiscal year, in India, House Rent Allowance (HRA) exemption from taxable earnings is the minimum of:

* The actual amount allotted by the employer as the HRA.
* Actual rent paid less 10% of the basic salary.
* 50% of the basic salary, if the employee is staying in a metro city (40% for a non-metro city).

As part of the Employee Tax Exemption Proof Submission, employees shall also submit proof for HRA Exemption. ERPNext will calculate the exemption eligible for HRA and exempt it while calculating the taxable earnings in the last payroll of the Payroll Period.

> Note: HRA component shall be configured in Company for HRA exemption to work

{next}
