erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-incentive.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Employee Incentive 


**Employee Incentives are a way of compensating and motivating Employee performance apart from the usual salary.**

When an organization wants to encourage productivity among its employees, one of the options available is rewarding the Employee with an incentive. ERPNext allows you to create Employee Incentive for a particular Payroll.


To access Employee Incentive, go to:
> Home > Human Resources > Payroll > Employee Incentive

## 1. How to create an Employee Incentive

1. Go to: Employee Incentive > New.
1. Select the Employee.
1. Enter the Incentive Amount.
1. Select the Payroll Date.
1. Save and Submit.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Employee Incentive" src="/docs/assets/img/human-resources/employee-incentive.png">

## 2. Related Topics

1. [Retention Bonus](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/retention-bonus)
1. [Additional Salary](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary)
1. [Salary Component](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-component)
1. [Salary Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure)
1. [Payroll Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-entry)

{next}

Commit message:

docs(HR): add Salary Component to Retention Bonus and Employee Incentive

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-incentive.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Employee Incentive


**Employee Incentives are a way of compensating and motivating Employee performance apart from the usual salary.**

When an organization wants to encourage productivity among its employees, one of the options available is rewarding the Employee with an incentive. ERPNext allows you to create Employee Incentive for a particular Payroll.


To access Employee Incentive, go to:
> Home > Human Resources > Payroll > Employee Incentive

## 1. How to create an Employee Incentive

1. Go to: Employee Incentive > New.
1. Select the Employee.
1. Enter the Incentive Amount.
1. Select the Payroll Date.
1. Select the Salary Component under which you want to give the incentive.
1. Save and Submit.
1. On submit, 'Additional Salary' document of the specified 'Salary Component' is created. This will be fetched while running Payroll Entry.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Employee Incentive" src="/docs/assets/img/human-resources/employee-incentive.png">

## 2. Related Topics

1. [Retention Bonus](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/retention-bonus)
1. [Additional Salary](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary)
1. [Salary Component](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-component)
1. [Salary Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure)
1. [Payroll Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-entry)

{next}
