erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/expense-claim.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Expense Claim

Expense Claim is made when Employee’s make expenses out of their pocket on behalf of the company. For example, if they take a customer out for lunch, they can make a request for reimbursement via the Expense Claim form.

To make a new Expense Claim, go to:

> Human Resources > Travel and Expense Claims > Expense Claim > New Expense Claim

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense_claim.png">

Set the Employee ID, date, the list of expenses, and corresponding taxes that are to be claimed and “Submit” the record.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense-claim-expenses.png">

Expense claim workflow
<div class="embed-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5SZHJF--ZFY?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>
</div>


### Set Account for Employee
Set employee's expense account on the employee form, system books an expense amount of an employee under this account.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee_account.png">

### Approving Expenses

Approver for the Expense Claim is selected by an Employee himself. Employee can choose from the list of users who are configured as _Expense Approvers_ for their [Department](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/department).

After saving Expense Claim, Employee should [Assign document to Approver](/docs/user/manual/en/using-erpnext/assignment.html). On assignment, approving user will also receive email notification. To automate email notification, you can also setup Email Alert

Expense Claim Approver can update the “Sanctioned Amounts” against Claimed Amount of an Employee. If submitting, Approval Status should be submitted to Approved or Rejected. If Approved, then Expense Claim gets submitted. If rejected, then Expense Approver's comments can be added in the Comments section explaining why the claim was approved or rejected.

### Booking the Expense

On submission of Expense Claim, system books an expense against the expense account and the employee account
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense_claim_book.png">

User can view unpaid expense claim using report "Unclaimed Expense Claims"
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/unclaimed_expense_claims.png">

### Payment for Expense Claim

To make payment against the expense claim, user has to click on Make > Bank Entry
#### Expense Claim
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/payment.png">

#### Payment Entry
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/payment_entry.png">

Note: This amount should not be clubbed with Salary because the amount will then be taxable to the Employee.

Alternatively, a Payment Entry can be made for an employee and all outstanding Expense Claims will be pulled in.

> Accounts > Payment Entry > New Payment Entry

Set the Payment Type to "Pay", the Party Type to Employee, the Party to the employee being paid and the account being paid from. All outstanding expense claims will be pulled in and payments amounts can be allocated to each expense.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense_claim_payment_entry.png">

### Linking with Task & Project

* To Link Expense Claim with Task or Project specify the Task or the Project while making an Expense Claim

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim - Project Link" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/project/project-expense-claim-1.png">

This will update the Project cost with the Expense claim amounts

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim - Project Link" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/project/project-expense-claim-2.png">

{next}

Commit message:

add features to HRdocs (#567)
* docs: Docs for accounting dimension

* docs: add features to pages in buying module

* docs: Multiple changes in docs

* docs: Energy Point System (#356)

* docs: Energy Point System

* doc: Improve EPS docs

* docs: update EPS docs

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Update images

* perf: Compress images

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Fix capitalization

* docs: updates to some buying module pages (#375)

* docs: add next button to pages in buying and selling

* changes to pages in buying module

* docs: Stock reconciliation for serialized/batch items (#381)

* updating HR documentation

* Updated the files according to the new format in the HR module

* udpated changes in HR docs

* feat: hr docs

* feat: docs for employee tax exemption declaration and submission

* update employee master, type

* docs: Employee Attendance Tool

* docs: Attendance Request

* docs: Upload Attendance

* docs: HR Module (Employee and Attendance)

* misc updates

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/expense-claim.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Expense Claim

**Expense Claim is made when employees make expenses out of their pocket on behalf of the company.**

For example, if they take a customer out for lunch, they can make a request for reimbursement via the Expense Claim form.

To access an Expense Claim, go to:

> Human Resources > Expense Claims > Expense Claim 

## 1. Prerequisites

1. [Employee](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee)
1. [Department](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/department)
1. [Chart of Accounts](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/chart-of-accounts)


## 2. How to create a Expense Claim

1. Go to: Expense Claim > New.
1. Select the Employee Name in the 'From Employee' field.
1. Select the Expense Approver.
1. Enter the Expense Date, Expense Claim Type and the Amount.
1. Additionally, you can also enter the Expense Taxes and Charges.
1. In Accounting Details, select the Company's Default Payable Account.
1. Save and Submit.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense-claim.png">


Set the Employee ID, date, the list of expenses, and corresponding taxes that are to be claimed and “Submit” the record.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense-claim-expenses.png">

Expense claim workflow
<div class="embed-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5SZHJF--ZFY?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>
</div>


### Set Account for Employee
Set employee's expense account on the employee form, system books an expense amount of an employee under this account.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee_account.png">

### Approving Expenses

Approver for the Expense Claim is selected by an Employee himself. Employee can choose from the list of users who are configured as _Expense Approvers_ for their [Department](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/department).

After saving Expense Claim, Employee should [Assign document to Approver](/docs/user/manual/en/using-erpnext/assignment.html). On assignment, approving user will also receive email notification. To automate email notification, you can also setup Email Alert

Expense Claim Approver can update the “Sanctioned Amounts” against Claimed Amount of an Employee. If submitting, Approval Status should be submitted to Approved or Rejected. If Approved, then Expense Claim gets submitted. If rejected, then Expense Approver's comments can be added in the Comments section explaining why the claim was approved or rejected.

### Booking the Expense

On submission of Expense Claim, system books an expense against the expense account and the employee account
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense_claim_book.png">

User can view unpaid expense claim using report "Unclaimed Expense Claims"
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/unclaimed_expense_claims.png">

### Payment for Expense Claim

To make payment against the expense claim, user has to click on Make > Bank Entry
#### Expense Claim
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/payment.png">

#### Payment Entry
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/payment_entry.png">

Note: This amount should not be clubbed with Salary because the amount will then be taxable to the Employee.

Alternatively, a Payment Entry can be made for an employee and all outstanding Expense Claims will be pulled in.

> Accounts > Payment Entry > New Payment Entry

Set the Payment Type to "Pay", the Party Type to Employee, the Party to the employee being paid and the account being paid from. All outstanding expense claims will be pulled in and payments amounts can be allocated to each expense.
<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/expense_claim_payment_entry.png">

### Linking with Task & Project

* To Link Expense Claim with Task or Project specify the Task or the Project while making an Expense Claim

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim - Project Link" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/project/project-expense-claim-1.png">

This will update the Project cost with the Expense claim amounts

<img class="screenshot" alt="Expense Claim - Project Link" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/project/project-expense-claim-2.png">

{next}
