erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/holiday-list.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Holiday List

**Holiday List is a list which contains the dates of holidays.**

Most organizations have a standard Holiday List for their employees. Some even have different holiday lists based on the different Locations or Departments.

To access Holiday List, go to:

> Home > Human Resources > Leaves > Holiday List



## 1. How to create a Holiday List

1. Go to Holiday List, click on New.
2. Enter Holiday List Name. It can be based on the Fiscal Year or Location or Department as per the requirement. 
3. Select From Date and To Date for the Holiday List.


    <img class="screenshot" alt="Holiday List" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/holiday-list-1.png">

## 2. Features 

Some of the additional features in the Holiday List are as follows:

### 2.1 Adding Weekly Holidays 

You can quickly add Weekly Offs in the Holiday List as follows:

1. In the 'Add Weekly Holidays' section, select the day in the Weekly Off field.
2. Click on 'Add to Holidays' button.
3. Save.

Once the Weekly Off is added, it is reflected in the Holidays table. 


> **Note:** You can add multiple days in the Weekly Offs.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Holiday List" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/holiday-list-2.gif">


You can also add specific days (like festival holidays) manually by clicking on the 'Add row' option in the Holidays table.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Holiday List" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/holiday-list-3.png">

> **Note:** Each time a new holiday is updated in the Holidays table, the Total Holidays field gets updated.


### 2.2 Holiday List in Employee 

If you have created multiple Holiday List, select a specific Holiday List for an Employee in the respective master.

When an Employee applies for Leave, the days mentioned in the Holiday List will not be counted, as they are holidays already. 



> **Note:** If you have specified a Holiday List in the Employee master, then that Holiday List will be given priority as compared to the default Holiday List of the Company.
You can form as many holiday lists as you wish. For example, if you have a factory, you can have one list for the factory workers and another list for office staff. You can manage between many lists by linking a Holiday List to the respective Employee.

You can also access [Company](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/company-setup), [Employee](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee), [Workstation](/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/workstation), [Service Level](/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level), [Service Level Agreement](/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement), [Leave Period](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-period), and [Shift Type](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/shift-type) from the Holiday List page. 


## 3. Related Topics

1. [Leave Allocation](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-allocation)
1. [Leave Period](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-period)
1. [Leave Policy](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-policy)
1. [HR Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/hr-settings)

Commit message:

add features to HRdocs (#567)
* docs: Docs for accounting dimension

* docs: add features to pages in buying module

* docs: Multiple changes in docs

* docs: Energy Point System (#356)

* docs: Energy Point System

* doc: Improve EPS docs

* docs: update EPS docs

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Update images

* perf: Compress images

* docs: Make required changes

* docs: Fix capitalization

* docs: updates to some buying module pages (#375)

* docs: add next button to pages in buying and selling

* changes to pages in buying module

* docs: Stock reconciliation for serialized/batch items (#381)

* updating HR documentation

* Updated the files according to the new format in the HR module

* udpated changes in HR docs

* feat: hr docs

* feat: docs for employee tax exemption declaration and submission

* update employee master, type

* docs: Employee Attendance Tool

* docs: Attendance Request

* docs: Upload Attendance

* docs: HR Module (Employee and Attendance)

* misc updates

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/holiday-list.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Holiday List

**Holiday List is a list which contains the dates of holidays.**

Most organizations have a standard Holiday List for their employees. Some even have different holiday lists based on the different Locations or Departments.

To access Holiday List, go to:

> Home > Human Resources > Leaves > Holiday List



## 1. How to create a Holiday List

1. Go to Holiday List, click on New.
2. Enter Holiday List Name. It can be based on the Fiscal Year or Location or Department as per the requirement. 
3. Select From Date and To Date for the Holiday List.


    <img class="screenshot" alt="Holiday List" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/holiday-list-1.png">

## 2. Features 

Some of the additional features in the Holiday List are as follows:

### 2.1 Adding Weekly Holidays 

You can quickly add Weekly Offs in the Holiday List as follows:

1. In the 'Add Weekly Holidays' section, select the day in the Weekly Off field.
2. Click on 'Add to Holidays' button.
3. Save.

Once the Weekly Off is added, it is reflected in the Holidays table. 


> **Note:** You can add multiple days in the Weekly Offs.

1. In the 'Add Weekly Holidays' section, select the day in the Weekly Off field.
2. Click on 'Add to Holidays' button.
3. Save.

Once the Weekly Off is added, it is reflected in the Holidays table. 


> **Note:** You can add multiple days in the Weekly Offs.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Holiday List" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/holiday-list-2.gif">


You can also add specific days (like festival holidays) manually by clicking on the 'Add row' option in the Holidays table.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Holiday List" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/holiday-list-3.png">

> **Note:** Each time a new holiday is updated in the Holidays table, the Total Holidays field gets updated.


### 2.2 Holiday List in Employee 

If you have created multiple Holiday List, select a specific Holiday List for an Employee in the respective master.

When an Employee applies for Leave, the days mentioned in the Holiday List will not be counted, as they are holidays already. 



> **Note:** If you have specified a Holiday List in the Employee master, then that Holiday List will be given priority as compared to the default Holiday List of the Company.
You can form as many holiday lists as you wish. For example, if you have a factory, you can have one list for the factory workers and another list for office staff. You can manage between many lists by linking a Holiday List to the respective Employee.

You can also access [Company](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/company-setup), [Employee](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee), [Workstation](/docs/user/manual/en/manufacturing/workstation), [Service Level](/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level), [Service Level Agreement](/docs/user/manual/en/support/service-level-agreement), [Leave Period](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-period), and [Shift Type](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/shift-type) from the Holiday List page. 


## 3. Related Topics

1. [Leave Allocation](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-allocation)
1. [Leave Period](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-period)
1. [Leave Policy](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/leave-policy)
1. [HR Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/hr-settings)
