erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/human-resources-reports.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Human Resources Reports

### Employee Leave Balance

Employee Leave Balance Report shows employees and their respective balance leaves under various leave types. Report is generated as per the number of allowed leaves.

<img alt="Employee Leave Balance" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-leave-balance-report.png">

### Employee Birthday

Employee Birthday Report shows Birthdays of your employees.

<img alt="Employee Birthday" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-birthday-report.png">

### Employee Information

Employee Information Report shows Report View of important information recorded in Employee master.

<img alt="Employee Information" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-information-report.png">

### Employee Holiday Attendance

Employee Holiday Attendance shows the list of Employees who attended on Holidays.

<img alt="Employee Information" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-holiday-report.png">

### Monthly Salary Register

Monthly Salary Register shows net pay and its components of employee(s) at a glance.

<img alt="Monthly Salary Register" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/monthly-salary-register-report.png">


### Monthly Attendance Sheet

Monthly Attendance Sheet shows monthly attendance of selected employee at a glance.

<img alt="Monthly Attendance Sheet" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/monthly-attendance-sheet-report.png">

{next}

Commit message:

feat: Docs for bank remittance, loan repayment, BOM explorer

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/human-resources-reports.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Human Resources Reports

## Employee Leave Balance

Employee Leave Balance Report shows employees and their respective balance leaves under various leave types. Report is generated as per the number of allowed leaves.

<img alt="Employee Leave Balance" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-leave-balance-report.png">

## Employee Birthday

Employee Birthday Report shows Birthdays of your employees.

<img alt="Employee Birthday" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-birthday-report.png">

## Employee Information

Employee Information Report shows Report View of important information recorded in Employee master.

<img alt="Employee Information" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-information-report.png">

## Employee Holiday Attendance

Employee Holiday Attendance shows the list of Employees who attended on Holidays.

<img alt="Employee Information" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/employee-holiday-report.png">

## Monthly Salary Register

Monthly Salary Register shows net pay and its components of employee(s) at a glance.

<img alt="Monthly Salary Register" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/monthly-salary-register-report.png">


## Monthly Attendance Sheet

Monthly Attendance Sheet shows monthly attendance of selected employee at a glance.

<img alt="Monthly Attendance Sheet" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/monthly-attendance-sheet-report.png">

## Bank Remittance Report

This report helps you to track bank transactions of payroll entries between companie(s) and employees. It shows the transaction between the bank accounts of the Company and the Employee with the Payment Date.

<img alt="Monthly Salary Register" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/bank_remittance_report.png">

## Loan Repayment Report

Loan Repayment Report allows you to keep a track of loans by showing the loan amount, interest, payable amount, and EMI. It also shows the paid and outstanding amount.

<img alt="Monthly Salary Register" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/human-resources/loan_repayment.png">

{next}
