erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/retention-bonus.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
#Retention Bonus


**Retention bonus is a payment or reward outside of an employee's regular salary that is offered as an incentive to keep a key employee on the job.**

 ERPNext allows you to configure Retention Bonus for an Employee for a particular period.

To access Retention Bonus, go to:
> Home > Human Resources > Payroll > Retention Bonus

## 1. How to create a Retention Bonus

1. Go to: Retention Bonus > New.
1. Select Employee and Bonus Payment Date.
1. Enter the Bonus Amount.
1. Save and Submit.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Retention Bonus" src="/docs/assets/img/human-resources/retention-bonus.png">

## 2. Related Topics

1. [Employee Incentive](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-incentive)
1. [Additional Salary](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary)
1. [Salary Component](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-component)
1. [Salary Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure)
1. [Payroll Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-entry)

{next}

Commit message:

docs(HR): add Salary Component to Retention Bonus and Employee Incentive

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/retention-bonus.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Retention Bonus


**Retention bonus is a payment or reward outside of an employee's regular salary that is offered as an incentive to keep a key employee on the job.**

 ERPNext allows you to configure Retention Bonus for an Employee for a particular period.

To access Retention Bonus, go to:
> Home > Human Resources > Payroll > Retention Bonus

## 1. How to create a Retention Bonus

1. Go to: Retention Bonus > New.
1. Select Employee and Bonus Payment Date.
1. Enter the Bonus Amount.
1. Select the Salary Component under which you want to give the bonus. This will be fetched while running Payroll Entry.
1. Save and Submit.
1. On submit, 'Additional Salary' document of the specified 'Salary Component' is created. This will be fetched while running Payroll Entry.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Retention Bonus" src="/docs/assets/img/human-resources/retention-bonus.png">

## 2. Related Topics

1. [Employee Incentive](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/employee-incentive)
1. [Additional Salary](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/additional-salary)
1. [Salary Component](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-component)
1. [Salary Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/salary-structure)
1. [Payroll Entry](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources/payroll-entry)

{next}
