erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/asset/contents.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Asset

In ERPNext, you can maintain fixed asset records for assets like computers, furnitures, cars, etc. and manage their depreciations, sale, or disposal. You can track locations of the assets or keep records of employees who are using the asset. You can also manage the maintenance details of the assets.

## 1. Topics
The various topics in the asset module are a follows.

##### 1.1 Asset Management
1. [Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset)
1. [Asset Maintenance](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-maintenance)
1. [Asset Movement](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-movement)

##### 1.2 Asset Transactions
1. [Asset Value Adjustment](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-value-adjustment)
1. [Purchasing an Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/purchasing-an-asset)
1. [Selling an Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/selling-an-asset)

##### 1.3 Discarding Assets
1. [Asset Depreciation](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-depreciation)
1. [Scrapping an Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/scrapping-an-asset)

## 2. Videos
You can check out [this video](/docs/user/videos/learn/fixed-assets) for a demonstration of managing fixed assets.

Commit message:

add features to asset (#522)
* add features to asset

* update depreciation page

* update asset settings

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/asset/contents.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Asset

In ERPNext, you can maintain fixed asset records for Company assets like computers, furnitures, cars, etc. and manage their depreciations, sale, or disposal. You can track locations of the assets or keep records of employees who are using the asset. You can also manage the maintenance details of the assets.

## 1. Topics

##### 1.1 Asset Management
1. [Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset)
1. [Asset Category](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-category)
1. [Asset Location](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-location)
1. [Asset Movement](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-movement)

##### 1.2 Asset Management
1. [Asset Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-settings)
1. [Asset Maintenance Team](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-maintenance-team)
1. [Asset Maintenance](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-maintenance)
1. [Asset Maintenance Log](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-maintenance-log)
1. [Asset Repair](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-repair)

##### 1.2 Asset Transactions
1. [Asset Value Adjustment](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-value-adjustment)
1. [Purchasing an Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/purchasing-an-asset)
1. [Selling an Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/selling-an-asset)

##### 1.3 Discarding Assets
1. [Asset Depreciation](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset-depreciation)
1. [Scrapping an Asset](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/scrapping-an-asset)

## 2. Videos
You can check out [this video](/docs/user/videos/learn/fixed-assets) for a demonstration of managing fixed assets.
