erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/buying/request-for-quotation.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Request For Quotation

A Request for Quotation is a document that an organization submits to one or more suppliers eliciting quotation for items.

### 1. How to create a Request For Quotation
1. In ERPNext, You can create Request for Quotation directly by going to:

    **Buying > Purchasing > Request for Quotation > New**
2. Enter the date.
3. Enter the supplier.
4. Enter item and warehouse.
5. Save and submit.

### 2. Features

#### 2.1 How to create a Supplier Quotation
After creation of Request for Quotation, there are two ways to generate Supplier Quotation from Request for Quotation.

#### 2.2 Supplier Quotation for User

1. Open Request for Quotation and click on **Supplier Quotation > Make**.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/make-supplier-quotation-from-rfq.png)

2. Select Supplier and click on Make Supplier Quotation.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-selection-from-rfq.png)

3. System will open the Supplier Quotation, user has to enter the quantity, rate and submit it.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-quotation-from-rfq.png)

#### 2.3 Supplier Quotation for Supplier

1. Create contact or enter Email Address against the supplier on Request for Quotation.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/set-email-id.png)

2. Click on Send Supplier Emails button.

    If Supplier's user not available: system will create Supplier's user and send details to the Supplier, Supplier will need to click on the link(Password Update) present in the email. After password update Supplier can access his portal with the Request for Quotation form.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-password-update-link.png)

    If Supplier's user available: system will send Request for Quotation link to Supplier, Supplier has to login using his credentials to view the Request for Quotation form on portal. 

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/send-rfq-link.png)

3. The supplier has to enter amount and notes (payment terms) on the form and click on submit.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-portal-rfq.png)

4. On submission, system will create Supplier Quotation (draft mode) against the supplier. The user has to review the Supplier Quotation and submit it. When all items from the Request for Quotation have been quoted by a Supplier, the status is updated in the Supplier able of the Request for Quotation.

### 3. More details

If a Supplier indicates that they will not provide a quotation for the item, this can be indicated in the RFQ document by checking the 'No Quote' box after the Request for Quotation has been submitted.

![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/request-for-quotation.gif)

<div class="embed-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/q85GFvWfZGI?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>
</div>

#### 4. Related Topics
1. [Purchase Order](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-order)

Commit message:

Add How to create steps to pages in CRM, Selling, Buying

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/buying/request-for-quotation.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Request For Quotation

A Request for Quotation is a document that an organization submits to one or more suppliers eliciting quotation for items.

### 1. How to create a Request For Quotation
1. Go to: **Buying > Purchasing > Request for Quotation > New**
2. Enter the date.
3. Choose the supplier to whom Request for Quotation is to be sent.
4. In the next table, enter items, quantity and the target warehouse where you'll be sending the items.
5. Save and submit.

### 2. Features

#### 2.1 How to create a Supplier Quotation
After creation of Request for Quotation, there are two ways to generate Supplier Quotation from Request for Quotation.

#### 2.2 Supplier Quotation for User

1. Open Request for Quotation and click on **Supplier Quotation > Make**.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/make-supplier-quotation-from-rfq.png)

2. Select Supplier and click on Make Supplier Quotation.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-selection-from-rfq.png)

3. System will open the Supplier Quotation, user has to enter the quantity, rate and submit it.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-quotation-from-rfq.png)

#### 2.3 Supplier Quotation for Supplier

1. Create contact or enter Email Address against the supplier on Request for Quotation.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/set-email-id.png)

2. Click on Send Supplier Emails button.

    If Supplier's user not available: system will create Supplier's user and send details to the Supplier, Supplier will need to click on the link(Password Update) present in the email. After password update Supplier can access his portal with the Request for Quotation form.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-password-update-link.png)

    If Supplier's user available: system will send Request for Quotation link to Supplier, Supplier has to login using his credentials to view the Request for Quotation form on portal. 

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/send-rfq-link.png)

3. The supplier has to enter amount and notes (payment terms) on the form and click on submit.

    ![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/supplier-portal-rfq.png)

4. On submission, system will create Supplier Quotation (draft mode) against the supplier. The user has to review the Supplier Quotation and submit it. When all items from the Request for Quotation have been quoted by a Supplier, the status is updated in the Supplier able of the Request for Quotation.

### 3. More details

If a Supplier indicates that they will not provide a quotation for the item, this can be indicated in the RFQ document by checking the 'No Quote' box after the Request for Quotation has been submitted.

![Request For Quotation]({{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/buying/request-for-quotation.gif)

<div class="embed-container">
    <iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/q85GFvWfZGI?rel=0" frameborder="0" allow="autoplay; encrypted-media" allowfullscreen>
    </iframe>
</div>

#### 4. Related Topics
1. [Purchase Order](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-order)
