erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/contact.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Contact

Contacts do not need to be linked to another document, they can be stand alone. You can even create a contact with only a first name, not linked to any other document or party (Customer/Supplier).

The Contact_ID is automatically created:

1. If only a First Name is entered that First Name defines the ID , thus First name (only).
2. If a First Name and a Party is linked the ID becomes “FirstName-Party”.
 
Contacts can, but do not have to be linked, to:  User, Customer, Supplier, and Sales Partner. Since Customers and Addresses are not directly linked to a User, all links go via Contacts.

A Contact can be linked to the (web) user. If that user is also a Customer, it is linked to the Customer by the Customer ID

Contacts and Addresses in ERPNext are stored separately so that you can
attach multiple Contacts or Addresses to Customers and Suppliers.

### 1. How to create a Contact

1. Go to **CRM > Sales Pipeline > Contact > New**.
1. Enter the name.
2. Choose the status if the contact is passive, is open to contact or has replied.
3. Enter contact details like email, phone, etc.
4. Save.
    <img class="screenshot" alt="Contact" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/contact.png">

You can also add a Contact or Address directly from the Customer record, click on “New Contact” or “New Address”.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Contact" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/contact-from-cust.png">

> Tip: When you select a Customer in any transaction, one Contact and Address
gets pre-selected. This is the “Default Contact or Address”.

To Import multiple Contacts and Addresses from a spreadsheet, use the [Data Import Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/data/data-import).

---
### 2. Features
#### 2.1 Address Titles

The Address Title (Name of person or organization that this address belongs to) is a free format unlinked field. The ID is automatically created from the Address Title and Address Type. (AddressTitle-AddressType).

#### 2.2 Address Linking

Addresses can be entered individually (unlinked)  or linked to customers, leads, suppliers or Sales Partners. 

Linking is done in the reference section where the links can be established.

(Contributed by Robert Becht)

#### 3. Related Topics
1. [Customer](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/customer)
1. [Sales Partner](/docs/user/manual/en/selling)
1. [Supplier](/docs/user/manual/en/buying)

Commit message:

docs: Updated Contact and Address

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/contact.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Contact

**Contact represents a person.**

A contact may be associated with a Lead, Customer, Supplier, Shareholder, Sales Partner or a User.

You can also add contact as a standalone record without linking it to any of the entities listed above.

### 1. How to create a Contact

1. Go to **CRM > Sales Pipeline > Contact > New**.
1. Enter First Name and Last Name.
2. Choose the status if the contact is passive, is open to contact or has replied.
3. Enter contact details like email, phone, etc.
4. Save.
    <img class="screenshot" alt="Contact" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/contact.png">

You can also add a Contact from the Customer or Supplier record by clicking on “New Contact” button as shown below.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Contact" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/contact-from-cust.png">

When you have multiple contacts against an entity like customer/supplier, you can check 'Is Primary Contact' to indicate the preferred contact. The primary contact will be chosen automatically in transactions like sales order and sales invoice.

To Import multiple contacts from a spreadsheet, use the [Data Import Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/data/data-import).

---
### 2. Features

#### 2.1 Link a Contact to Multiple Entities

A contact may be linked to multiple customers or multiple suppliers.

A contact can also be linked to customers and suppliers at the same time.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Contact" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/link_contact_to_multiple_entities.png">

#### 2.2 Invite the Contact as a User
You can allow contacts of your customers and suppliers to log into your ERPNext system and view data relevant to them. Check [Customer Portal](/docs/user/manual/en/customer-portal) for more details on this.
You can send an email invitation to a contact by clicking on 'Invite as User' button.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Contact" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/invite_contact_as_a_user.png">

#### 3. Related Topics
1. [Customer](/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/customer)
1. [Supplier](/docs/user/manual/en/buying)
1. [Sales Partner](/docs/user/manual/en/selling)

{next}
