erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/sales-person.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Sales Person

Sales Persons behave exactly like Territories. You can create an organization
chart of Sales Persons where each Sales Person's target can be set
individually. The target has to be set against Item Group.

### 1. How to create a Sales Person
1. Go to **CRM > Setup > Sales Person > New**.
2. Select the Employee ID for the Sales Person.
3. Save.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Person Tree" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/sales-person-tree.png">

### 2. Features
#### 2.1 Sales Person in Transactions

You can use Sales Person in Customer and sales transactions like Sales Order, Delivery Note and Sales Invoice.
Click [here](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/articles/sales-persons-in-the-sales-transactions) to learn more about how Sales Persons are used in the transactions of Sales Cycle.

#### 3. Related Topics
1. [Sales Order](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-order)
1. [Delivery Note](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/delivery-note)
1. [Sales Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/sales-invoice)
1. [Sales Cycle](/docs/user/videos/learn/sales-cycle.html)

Commit message:

Add How to create steps to pages in CRM, Selling, Buying

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/CRM/sales-person.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Sales Person

Sales Persons behave exactly like Territories. You can create an organization
chart of Sales Persons where each Sales Person's target can be set
individually. The target has to be set against Item Group.

### 1. How to create a Sales Person
1. Go to **CRM > Setup > Sales Person > New**.
2. Enter a name for the Sales Person.
3. Select the Employee ID for the Sales Person.
4. If you tick the Group Node checkbox, you can create groups of Sales Persons under this group node.
5. Save.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Sales Person Tree" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/crm/sales-person-tree.png">

### 2. Features
#### 2.1 Sales Person in Transactions

You can use Sales Person in Customer and sales transactions like Sales Order, Delivery Note and Sales Invoice.
Click [here](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/articles/sales-persons-in-the-sales-transactions) to learn more about how Sales Persons are used in the transactions of Sales Cycle.

#### 3. Related Topics
1. [Sales Order](/docs/user/manual/en/selling/sales-order)
1. [Delivery Note](/docs/user/manual/en/stock/delivery-note)
1. [Sales Invoice](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts/sales-invoice)
1. [Sales Cycle](/docs/user/videos/learn/sales-cycle.html)
