erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/education/contents.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Education Domain

An Education Institute needs lots more than a simple 'Education module', and ERPNext has all of it available built-in. You can:

- Track your books of accounts using [Accounts module](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts).
- Manage payroll, leaves and claims of your admin and teaching staff in the [HR module](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources).
- Organize your [purchases](/docs/user/manual/en/buying) and place an approval system.

Here are the functionalities available under the ERPNext Education domain to go through after this **[introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/education/introduction)**

## Topics
##### 1. Setup
1. [Course](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course)
1. [Program](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program)
1. [Instructor](/docs/user/manual/en/education/instructor)
1. [Room](/docs/user/manual/en/education/room)
1. [Student Category](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-category)
1. [Student Batch Name](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-batch-name)
1. [Academic Term](/docs/user/manual/en/education/academic-term)
1. [Academic Year](/docs/user/manual/en/education/academic-year)
1. [Education Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/education/education-settings)

##### 2. Student
1. [Student](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student)
1. [Guardian](/docs/user/manual/en/education/guardian)
1. [Student Log](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-log)
1. [Student Batch](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-batch)
1. [Student Group](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-group)
1. [Student Group Creation Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-group-creation-tool)

##### 3. Admission
1. [Student Applicant](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-applicant)
1. [Program Enrollment](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program-enrollment)
1. [Program Enrollment Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program-enrollment-tool)
1. [Student Admission](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student_admission)

##### 4. Fees
1. [Fees](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fees)
1. [Fee Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fee-structure)
1. [Fee Category](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fee-category)
1. [Fee Schedule](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fee-schedule)

##### 5. Schedule
1. [Course Schedule](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course-schedule)
1. [Scheduling Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/scheduling-tool)
1. [Examination](/docs/user/manual/en/education/examination)

##### 6. Learning Management System
1. [Setting Up LMS](/docs/user/manual/en/education/setting-up-lms)
1. [LMS Masters](/docs/user/manual/en/education/lms-masters)
1. [Navigating the Portal](/docs/user/manual/en/education/navigating-the-portal)
1. [Tracking Progress](/docs/user/manual/en/education/tracking-progress)

##### 7. Attendance
1. [Student Attendance](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-attendance)
1. [Student Attendance Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-attendance-tool)
1. [Student Leave Application](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-leave-application)

##### 8. Assessment
1. [Introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment-introduction)
1. [Assessment Criteria](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_criteria)
1. [Assessment Group](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_group)
1. [Assessment Plan](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_plan)
1. [Assessment Result](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_result)
1. [Assessment Result Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_result_tool)
1. [Grading Scale](/docs/user/manual/en/education/grading_scale)

<!-- ##### 9. Assessment Reports
1. [Final Assessment Grades](/docs/user/manual/en/education/final-assessment-grades)
1. [Assessment Plan Status](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment-plan-status)
1. [Student Report Generation Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-report-generation-tool)
1. [Course Wise Assessment Report](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course-wise-assessment-report) -->

##### 9. Tools
1. [Student Attendance Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-attendance-tool)
1. [Assessment Result Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment-result-tool)
1. [Student Group Creation Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-group-creation-tool)
1. [Program Enrollment Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program-enrollment-tool)
<!-- 1. [Course Scheduling Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course-scheduling-tool) -->

Commit message:

Education (#682)
* docs: education module

* newest commit

* ERPNext Video Page

* Education Module Documentation

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/education/contents.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Education Domain

Whether you are running a B-School, an Academy or even a Primary School, the ERPNext Education Module helps you in organizing your entire set-up. You can have your entire Student Database, Fee Structure, Staffing Information, Courses, Curriculum, all defined in ERPNext.

We also understand that an Educational Institute needs a lot more than a simple 'Education Module', and ERPNext has all of it available built-in. You can:

- Track your books of accounts using [Accounts module](/docs/user/manual/en/accounts).
- Manage payroll, leaves and claims of your admin and teaching staff in the [HR module](/docs/user/manual/en/human-resources).
- Organize your [purchases](/docs/user/manual/en/buying) and place an approval system.

Here are the functionalities available under the ERPNext Education domain to go through after this **[introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/education/introduction)**

## Topics
##### 1. Setup
1. [Program](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program)
1. [Course](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course)
1. [Instructor](/docs/user/manual/en/education/instructor)
1. [Room](/docs/user/manual/en/education/room)
1. [Student Category](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-category)
1. [Academic Term](/docs/user/manual/en/education/academic-term)
1. [Academic Year](/docs/user/manual/en/education/academic-year)
1. [Education Settings](/docs/user/manual/en/education/education-settings)

##### 2. Student
1. [Student](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student)
1. [Guardian](/docs/user/manual/en/education/guardian)
1. [Student Log](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-log)
1. [Student Batch Name](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-batch-name)
1. [Student Group](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-group)
1. [Student Group Creation Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-group-creation-tool)

##### 3. Admission
1. [Student Applicant](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-applicant)
1. [Program Enrollment](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program-enrollment)
1. [Program Enrollment Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program-enrollment-tool)
1. [Student Admission](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student_admission)

##### 4. Fees
1. [Fees](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fees)
1. [Fee Structure](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fee-structure)
1. [Fee Category](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fee-category)
1. [Fee Schedule](/docs/user/manual/en/education/fee-schedule)

##### 5. Schedule
1. [Course Schedule](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course-schedule)
1. [Scheduling Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/scheduling-tool)
<!--1. [Examination](/docs/user/manual/en/education/examination) -->

##### 6. Learning Management System
1. [Setting Up LMS](/docs/user/manual/en/education/setting-up-lms)
1. [LMS Masters](/docs/user/manual/en/education/lms-masters)
1. [Navigating the Portal](/docs/user/manual/en/education/navigating-the-portal)
<!-- 1. [Tracking Progress](/docs/user/manual/en/education/tracking-progress) -->

##### 7. Attendance
1. [Student Attendance](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-attendance)
1. [Student Attendance Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-attendance-tool)
1. [Student Leave Application](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-leave-application)

##### 8. Assessment
1. [Introduction](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment-introduction)
1. [Assessment Criteria](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_criteria)
1. [Assessment Group](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_group)
1. [Assessment Plan](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_plan)
1. [Assessment Result](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_result)
1. [Assessment Result Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment_result_tool)
1. [Grading Scale](/docs/user/manual/en/education/grading_scale)

<!-- ##### 9. Assessment Reports
1. [Final Assessment Grades](/docs/user/manual/en/education/final-assessment-grades)
1. [Assessment Plan Status](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment-plan-status)
1. [Student Report Generation Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-report-generation-tool)
1. [Course Wise Assessment Report](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course-wise-assessment-report) -->

##### 9. Tools
1. [Student Attendance Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-attendance-tool)
1. [Assessment Result Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/assessment-result-tool)
1. [Student Group Creation Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/student-group-creation-tool)
1. [Program Enrollment Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/program-enrollment-tool)
<!-- 1. [Course Scheduling Tool](/docs/user/manual/en/education/course-scheduling-tool) -->
