erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/education/introduction.md, before:

# Introduction
The Education domain in ERPNext is designed to meet requirements of any organization which imparts knowledge and believe in doing so in an organized fashion. It has already been used at schools, colleges and even in private firms.

It helps you to effectively manage administration and allows you to focus on what is most important for your institute, **to educate!**

<img class="screenshot" alt="School Hero" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/education/school-hero.png">

## Contents of ERPNext Education Domain

Using Education module of ERPNext, you can effectively manage operations like:

- Managing Student
- Program and Courses
- Online Admissions
- Student Attendance
- Course Scheduling
- Assessment Planning and Assessment Result
- Fee Structure and Fee Receipt

For an online demonstration on each functionality of ERPNext Education module, [click here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6foQOyGzdA&list=PL3lFfCEoMxvxyjnARY_C1zLoOE55LcMKB)

<img class="screenshot" alt="Fees Section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/education/assessment.png">

## Who Uses ERPNext Education?

The very first implementation of ERPNext was driven by a school teacher herself. She explains what it takes to get implementation right at your education institute.

<div>
    <div class='embed-container'>
        <iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/t8ZDDq4qtIk?end=52' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen>
        </iframe>
    </div>
</div>

Commit message:

feat: added docs for LMS (#353)
* feat: organized index.txt

* feat: Added LMS screenshots

* feat: Added pages for LMS masters

* chore: optimized images

* feat: added screenshots

* feat: finished Setting Up and LMS masters

* feat: added progress tracking and navigation docs

* style: fixes

making changes recommended

* Update navigating-the-portal.md

* Update setting-up-lms.md

* Update tracking-progress.md

* chore: optimized images

* chore: cropped images

* fix: replaced lms master tree image

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/education/introduction.md, after:

# Introduction
The Education domain in ERPNext is designed to meet requirements of any organization which imparts knowledge and believe in doing so in an organized fashion. It has already been used at schools, colleges and even in private firms.

It helps you to effectively manage administration and allows you to focus on what is most important for your institute, **to educate!**

<img class="screenshot" alt="School Hero" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/education/school-hero.png">

## Contents of ERPNext Education Domain

Using Education module of ERPNext, you can effectively manage operations like:

- Managing Student
- Program and Courses
- Publishing Programs on the portal
- Online Admissions
- Student Attendance
- Course Scheduling
- Portal for Publishing Programs
- Assessment Planning and Assessment Result
- Fee Structure and Fee Receipt

For an online demonstration on each functionality of ERPNext Education module, [click here.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f6foQOyGzdA&list=PL3lFfCEoMxvxyjnARY_C1zLoOE55LcMKB)

<img class="screenshot" alt="Fees Section" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/education/assessment.png">

## Who Uses ERPNext Education?

The very first implementation of ERPNext was driven by a school teacher herself. She explains what it takes to get implementation right at your education institute.

<div>
    <div class='embed-container'>
        <iframe src='https://www.youtube.com/embed/t8ZDDq4qtIk?end=52' frameborder='0' allowfullscreen>
        </iframe>
    </div>
</div>
