erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/articles/prepared-report.md, before:

---
title: Using Prepared Reports in ERPNext
add_breadcrumbs: 1
show_sidebar: 0

metatags:
 description: ERPNext allows report generation in background so users can continue with their usual tasks while the report is being generated for them.
 keywords: frappe, erpnext, erpnext reports, mis, prepared report, background reports
---

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Using Prepared Report

Many times when generating a report that deals with large volume of data, say, a GL report for the entire year, you may end up getting the following error message: **Request Timed Out**. This occurs as there is a lot of data to be processed and presented on the report page, but not enough server resource hence resulting in a time out.

For better processing of such reports, ERPNext offers Prepared Reports (since v11). When a report is set as a Prepared Report, it is generated through a [background job](https://frappe.io/docs/user/en/guides/app-development/running-background-jobs), and once ready, is available for users to view.

## Steps to Enable Background Reports

1. Go to [Role Permission for Page and Report](/docs/user/en/setting-up/role-permission-for-page-and-report)

Commit message:

full docs for prepared report

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/articles/prepared-report.md, after:

---
title: Using Prepared Reports in ERPNext
add_breadcrumbs: 1
show_sidebar: 0

metatags:
 description: ERPNext allows report generation in background so users can continue with their usual tasks while the report is being generated for them.
 keywords: frappe, erpnext, erpnext reports, mis, prepared report, background reports
---

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Using Prepared Report

Many times when generating a report that deals with large volume of data, say, a GL report for the entire year, you may end up getting the following error message: **Request Timed Out**. This occurs as there is a lot of data to be processed and presented on the report page, but not enough server resource hence resulting in a time out.

For better processing of such reports, ERPNext offers Prepared Reports (since v11). When a report is set as a Prepared Report, it is generated through a [background job](https://frappe.io/docs/user/en/guides/app-development/running-background-jobs), and once ready, is available for users to view.

## Steps to Set Up Prepared Reports

1. Go to [Role Permission for Page and Report](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/users-and-permissions/role-permission-for-page-and-report).
1. In field Set Role For select **Report**.
1. In the report field select the report for which you want to enable/disable prepared report.
1. Enable/Disable field labelled **Disable Prepared Report**. If the option is checked, prepared report option will be disabled for selected report.
1. Click on **Update**.

<img alt="Setup Prepared Report" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/set-prep-report.gif">

## How To Use A Prepared Report

1. Open said report (say General Ledger) and apply all filters needed.
1. If the prepared report option is enabled for that report, you will see a **Generate Report** button. Click on the same.
    <img alt="Generate Prepared Report" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/prepared-report-generate.png">
1. You will see a notification on the bottom-right of the screen saying "Report initiated. You can track its status _here_"
    <img alt="Prepared Report Initiated" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/prepared-report-bg.png">
1. You can either wait on the said screen or click on _here_ in the above message to open the page for the report. This will open a new page for the report:
    <img alt="Prepared Report Queued" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/prepared-report-queued.png">
    As you see, the report page has status as "Queued". Once the report is ready, you will see a **Show Report** button which you can click to view the report:
     <img alt="Prepared Report Initiated" class="screenshot" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/articles/prepared-report-page.png">
1. Since Prepared Report is also a doctype, to view the list of Prepared Reports, you can use the [Role Permission Manager](/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/users-and-permissions/role-based-permissions) to grant access to the same.
