erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/feedback/submit-feedback.md, before:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Submit Feedback

Once feedback request mail is sent the user/customer. He/She can visit the URL to submit the feedback
as well as rating for the document.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Setting Condition" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/setup/feedback/submit-feedback.png">

Once Feedback is submitted the feedback details message and ratings will be recorded and will be shown on Document sidebar and timeline. Also once the Feedback is successfully submitted by the user the link shared to the user will be expired and can not be used to submit the Feedback again.

On Document sidebar the latest feedback ratings will displayed.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Setting Condition" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/setup/feedback/sidebar-ratings.png">

Also, The Feedback details such as Feedback message and ratings will be shown in the Document's Timeline along
with Comment, Email.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Setting Condition" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/setup/feedback/timeline-rating-and-feedback.png">

{next}

Commit message:

fix: mark Feedback Trigger as removed

erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/setting-up/feedback/submit-feedback.md, after:

<!-- add-breadcrumbs -->
# Submit Feedback

> NOTE: This feature has been removed in Version 12 as is was not very configurable and can be done better with Web Forms and Notifications

Once feedback request mail is sent the user/customer. He/She can visit the URL to submit the feedback
as well as rating for the document.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Setting Condition" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/setup/feedback/submit-feedback.png">

Once Feedback is submitted the feedback details message and ratings will be recorded and will be shown on Document sidebar and timeline. Also once the Feedback is successfully submitted by the user the link shared to the user will be expired and can not be used to submit the Feedback again.

On Document sidebar the latest feedback ratings will displayed.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Setting Condition" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/setup/feedback/sidebar-ratings.png">

Also, The Feedback details such as Feedback message and ratings will be shown in the Document's Timeline along
with Comment, Email.

<img class="screenshot" alt="Setting Condition" src="{{docs_base_url}}/assets/img/setup/feedback/timeline-rating-and-feedback.png">

{next}
